

Privacy Policy
In handling the personal information of its customers in business operations, the Lion Group makes every effort to protect personal information through appropriate management based on internal rules. We highly value the dignity of individuals and the utility of information while strictly observing laws and social norms. 
1. Strict Observation of Laws and Regulations and Continuous Improvement of the Management Structure

The Lion Group strictly observes laws and regulations related to personal information, and updates its internal systems and rules to protect personal information. While effectively administering personal information, we strive to continuously improve our information management structure.

2. Acquisition and Use of Personal Information 

When acquiring personal information, the Lion Group clearly states the purpose of obtaining the information and the scope of its usage in business activities. With the prior permission of customers, we appropriately and fairly acquire and use personal information within the limitations of the purpose for obtaining the information. 

We do not share the personal information of our customers with third parties (including third parties outside Japan) unless we have received permission from the customer in advance, or there are special legal or other justifiable reasons for doing so. 
3. Handling of Anonymously Processed Information 

When preparing or providing anonymously processed information as defined in the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, the Lion Group handles such information in strict compliance with the said act and other related laws.

4. Ensuring the Accuracy and Security of Personal Information 

To ensure the accuracy and security of personal information, the Lion Group makes every effort to maintain accuracy and update personal information. At the same time, the Lion Group strives to protect personal information by implementing appropriate and reasonable security measures to counter the risk of illegal access, loss, destruction, alteration, and leakage of information. 
5. Responding to Customer Requests 

When receiving a request from a customer about their personal information, the Lion Group promptly confirms the identity of the individual and responds appropriately to their request. 

For Inquires About Personal Information

Lion Corporation Consumer Service Center
Telephone: (+81)-3-3621-6611




Established April 1, 2005
Amended October 1, 2017
Lion Corporation



Handing of Personal Information
Lion Corporation (hereinafter, “Lion”) strives to appropriately manage and protect personal information, including that of its customers, trading partners, shareholders and employees (hereinafter, “persons concerned”), in line with its Privacy Policy. Specifically, Lion handles personal information as described below. 
1. Acquisition and Use of Personal Information

When Lion requests personal information, it shall provide prior notification of the purpose of use of the information and whether or not the information will be shared with third parties.


Lion shall not use personal information it has received from persons concerned for purposes other than those given below. Should Lion use personal information for other purposes, or should the nature of the stated purposes itself change, Lion must give prior notice to the persons concerned. Furthermore, information that has become unnecessary in light of Lion's purposes of use shall be quickly and appropriately deleted or destroyed.


Types of personal data and their purposes


Type of personal data
Purposes




Information provided through the Lion website
Provision of information to registered website users 
Product and service development and the provision of related information
Other purposes for which Lion has received individual consent



Information provided as part of prize giveaways or other promotional campaigns
Sending prizes, etc.
Product and service development and the provision of related information
Other purposes for which Lion has received individual consent



Information received through the direct-to-consumer sales business
Product shipment and billing
Responding to inquiries
Product and service development and the provision of related information




Information provided to the Consumer Service Center
Responding to inquiries 
Surveys, such as those regarding inquiry response satisfaction or Lion products and services
Product and service development and the provision of related information




Information about trading partners
Management related to Lion's trading partners and sales activities



Information about research and industrial associations
Business communications


Information about shareholders
Shareholder-related operations, such as the opening and running of the Shareholders Meeting and sending shareholder benefits


Information about job applicants
Hiring


Information on the families or other parties of relevance to Lion employees
Personnel administration of Lion employees


Registers of retirees
Sending of newsletters and other communications



2. Shared Use of Personal Information

Lion engages in the shared use of personal data with the following companies as laid out below.
Should Lion engage in the shared use of personal data for purposes other than those given below, it must give prior notice to the persons concerned or their representatives.

Shared Uses of Personal Information

 
					Shared Use 1
					Shared Use 2


Items of personal data subject to shared use

Names, addresses and telephone numbers of customers as well as information provided to the Consumer Service Center by customers

Business partners' company names and addresses, names of individuals, telephone numbers, email addresses, etc.


Companies with which Lion engages in shared use

Lion Trading Co., Ltd. 
Lion Dental Products Co., Ltd.
Lion Hygiene Co., Ltd.
issua Co., Ltd.



Lion Trading Co., Ltd. 
Lion Dental Products Co., Ltd.
Lion Hygiene Co., Ltd.
issua Co., Ltd.



Purpose of use
Responding to customer inquiries
Promoting and providing Lion’s products and the  products of the above companies with which Lion engages in shared use, etc.


Party responsible for  management of personal data
Lion Corporation
Lion Corporation


3. Disclosure and Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties

Lion shall not disclose or provide personal information to third parties (including third parties outside Japan), except under the following conditions. 
The persons concerned have given permission
Lion outsources operations related to the handling of personal information in whole or in part (in such cases, Lion shall properly supervise the contractor, including such measures as forming contracts related to the protection of personal information)
Information is disclosed or provided in a form in which the individual identities of persons concerned cannot be discerned, such as statistical data
Lion is compelled by law to disclose or provide personal information
It is necessary to protect human life, physical safety or property, and the persons concerned cannot be reached to obtain their prior permission
Lion is compelled to cooperate with governmental or other public entities in the execution of their duties and obtaining permission from the persons involved could impede said execution.

4. Preparation and Provision of Anonymously Processed Information
When preparing anonymously processed information, Lion shall do the following(1)	Process the information appropriately to ensure that the individuals cannot be identified, etc.
  (2) Implement safety control  measures to prevent information leaks
  (3) Publicly disclose the items of information included in the anonymously processed information
  (4) Refrain from comparing anonymously processed information with other information to identify individuals
When providing anonymously processed information to third parties, Lion shall publicly disclose the items of personal information contained therein and the methods by which the information will be provided, and shall clearly communicate to the third parties receiving the information that said information is anonymously processed.

5. Personal Information Management
Lion shall manage personal information it has received from persons concerned in accordance with relevant laws and standards as well as its internal rules. Furthermore, Lion shall take proper and reasonable safety measures to prevent the illegal access, loss, destruction, alteration or leakage of personal information. In the event that such an event should occur, Lion shall quickly take corrective measures.
6. Requests for the Disclosure, Etc., of Personal Data
If the persons concerned or their representatives request the disclosure, correction, deletion or suspension of use, etc. (hereinafter “disclosure, etc.”) of personal data Lion has received from said persons, after verifying their identity, Lion shall respond to such requests within a reasonable time period and scope. 
However, Lion will not disclose such data in the circumstances described below. When Lion decides to not disclose such data, it shall notify the requester of its decision and the reason for the decision.


Lion cannot confirm that the requester is the person that the retained personal data concerns
Lion cannot confirm the right of representation claimed by a representative seeking to submit the request on behalf of the persons concerned
The request form is incompletely or incorrectly filled out, or the request has not been made in accordance with the methods specified by Lion
The information subject to the request for disclosure, etc., is not classified as retained personal data
Disclosure could cause harm to the life, safety or property, or otherwise infringe the rights of the persons concerned or a third party
Disclosure could cause significant impediment to the proper execution of Lion's business
Disclosure would violate other laws or regulations
Any other circumstances in which Lion is not obligated to provide the disclosure, etc., of the data under the Act on the Protection of Personal Information

 7. Methods of Receiving Requests and Contact Point

Lion shall receive inquiries related to personal information via the contact point described below. Requests for the disclosure, etc., of personal data must be submitted with the documents listed below. Please understand that Lion may not be able to respond to requests or inquiries not made in accordance with these methods.
Reception contact point


*Service hours are 9 am to 5 pm on weekdays


Documents required

One copy of a government-issued photo ID, such as a driver's license or passport (a copy of a health insurance card may be used by those who have no such photo ID)

One copy of a certificate of residence
One request form, as specified by Lion, with the necessary fields filled in
An envelope and postage stamps for an ordinary registered letter (¥500) for Lion to use when sending documents to verify the inquirer's identity
An envelope and postage stamps for an ordinary registered letter (¥500) for Lion to use when responding in writing



*Lion requests that those making requests or inquiries bear the expense of the envelopes and registered mail postage necessary for confirming the requester's identity and responding.


When making a request as a representative acting on behalf of another, in addition to the documents listed above, the following are required


Requests made by the legal representative of a minor or adult ward

One document proving legal representative status 
  (family register, certificate of registered matters, or other evidence of qualifications)
One copy of the legal representative’s government-issued photo ID, such as a driver’s license or passport (a copy of a health insurance card may be used by those who have no such photo ID)

Requests made by a representative acting as proxy for the person concerned

One power of attorney letter stamped with the seal of the person concerned
One seal registration certificate of the person concerned
One copy of the representative's government-issued photo ID, such as a driver's license or passport (a copy of a health insurance card may be used by those who have no such photo ID)



*Lion will respond to inquiries and requests in writing. Lion will use personal information obtained through requests or other inquiries related to personal information within the scope necessary to respond to said request or inquiry.




Personal Information Inquiry and Request Form (PDF: 12 KB) (Available in Japanese only)
8. Authorized Personal Information Protection Organizations to Which Lion Belongs

Lion is covered by the Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers' Associations of Japan, a personal information protection organization authorized by the Minister of Health, Labour and Welfare.The Federation receives complaints and consultations regarding the handling of personal information by the businesses it covers.

Established April 1, 2005
Amended April 2, 2013
May 11, 2016
October 1, 2017

Chief Privacy Officer (CPO)
Lion Corporation



