Privacy This website privacy statement applies to www.dsr.wa.gov.au run by the Department of Sport and Recreation. When you follow a link from this website to another site, we recommend you read and consider the privacy statement of that site. Collection of personal information You can browse the general content of www.dsr.wa.gov.au anonymously, without disclosing your personal information. However some functionality on this site may require you to provide personal information. Examples of this include where you wish to make an enquiry or undertake a transaction. We may need to collect, use or disclose personal information to allow us to answer your enquiry or process your transaction. Use and disclosure of personal information. Any personal information we collect through www.dsr.wa.gov.au may be used or disclosed for the primary purpose for which it was collected. We may also use or disclose personal information for related purposes, for example where you have asked us to inform another agency of a change of address transaction. In some limited circumstances we may also need to use or disclose personal information for other specific purposes, for example where required to do so by law, for example pursuant to the Freedom of Information Act 1992 or in response to a subpoena. Collection and use of site visit data. The following information may be automatically recorded by this site’s web server for statistical and system administration purposes only:  your server address; your top level domain name (e.g. .com, .au, .gov); the date and the time of your visit to the site; the pages you accessed and downloaded; the address of the last site you visited; your operating system; the type of browser you are using.  We will not attempt to identify individuals from the above information unless that is necessary to investigate a breach of law or regulation. Cookies A cookie is a block of data that is shared between a web server and a user’s browser. Cookies, and the information collected through them, are used by the Department of Sport and Recreation to make this website more efficient.
