
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which EETech Media collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the https://www.allaboutcircuits.com website ("Site").
Personal identification information
As the Data Controller for our Users’ data, we may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, fill out a form, respond to a survey, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. The collected information is not used for any additional purposes, such as to profile those who access our website. We do not make automated decisions based on the data any User provides.Users may visit our Site anonymously. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. We use Facebook Pixel, Linkedin Pixel, and Google Analytics to gather and re-target to our audience.
How we use collected information
EETech Media may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:


To run and operate our Site
 We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.


To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.


To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.


To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.


To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.


To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.


Your Data Rights
Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) policies with which we comply, EU Users have eight data rights as follows:

The right to be informed: We will be transparent about how we use your data.
The right of access: Users will know exactly how we process their data, as well as what data about them is currently being stored.
The right of rectification: Users can have data rectified if it is incorrect or incomplete.
The right to erasure: Users may have their data deleted if they so choose. This is also known as the “right to be forgotten.”
The right to restrict processing: Users may restrict or completely block the processing of their personal data.
The right to data portability: Users may reuse their personal data for individual use.
The right to object: In some instances, Users may object to the use of their personal data.
The rights of automated decision making and profiling: Users may object to their use of their data as it relates to automatic processing without human intervention and consequences that have legal bearing on the User.

Your Choices
Access, Correction, Deletion.
We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access to the personal data that you may have provided through your use of the Site. If you wish to access or amend any personal data we hold about you, or to request that we delete any information about you, you may contact us as set forth in the “Contacting Us” section. At your request, we will have any reference to you deleted or blocked in our database.
You may decline to share certain personal data with us, or choose to request the restriction or suppression of your personal data, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Site.
At any time, you may object to the processing of your personal data, on legitimate grounds, except if otherwise permitted by applicable law.

How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have not opted-out of these services.
Law Enforcement and Legal Process
We may report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we believe to be unlawful. We may also report any activities that we believe may aid a law enforcement investigation into unlawful activity. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary, in our sole judgement, to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety, of the Site, the public, or another user. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.

