 
VERMONT AND CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS 
Western Union will disclose information about consumers with a Vermont or California mailing address only with your written authorization (“consent’), unless otherwise permitted or required by law. Written authorizations from Vermont consumers may be delivered to us at the email or mailing address below and must contain your name, address, signature and your consent. You may revoke your consent at any time by calling us at 1-800-562-2598, or by writing or emailing us at the addresses below. California consumers should contact us at the mailing address below for instructions on how to deliver their consent. 
Email: privacy@westernunion.com
Mail to: 
 Western Union Financial Services, Inc. 
 Western Union Privacy Office 
 12500 East Belford Avenue 
 Englewood, CO 80112

TEXAS CONSUMERS 
If you have a complaint, first contact the consumer assistance division of Western Union Financial Services, Inc. at 1-800-562-2598, if you still have an unresolved complaint regarding the company’s money transmission or currency exchange activity, please direct your complaint to: Texas Department of Banking, 2601 North Lamar Boulevard, Austin, Texas 78705, 1-877-276-5554 (toll free), www.dob.texas.gov. 

INTERNET TECHNOLOGY & INTERNET-BASED ADVERTISING
We, our service providers and other third parties may use technologies such as cookies, pixels and web beacons to collect information such as browser type, operating system, network information, time spent on the website or app, pages visited, language preferences, and your relationship with us.

We use this information for a variety of purposes, including but not limited to, those identified below:


To assist us in providing products and services to you;
To track activity on our website or app and third party websites and apps;
To determine whether you came to our website or app from a banner ad or a third party website or app;
To deliver information specific to your interests via email, through our website or app, and on third party websites and apps;
To identify you when you visit the website or app, to store your preferences, to personalize the content of the website or app for you, to allow you to change web or app pages during your visit without having to re-enter your password and to allow you to access account information; and
To better understand the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.

We also have relationships with advertising companies, who may use cookies, pixels, web beacons, app or device information or related information to display advertising tailored to your interests or location. To learn more about this type of advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices. To opt-out of tailored advertising delivered by other advertising companies, you should choose the appropriate settings in your browser(s) (e.g., block cookies), device (e.g., turn “Location” off) and app(s). Please note that if you do not accept cookies or change your device or app settings, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our website or app and some online or mobile products and services.

ONLINE ACTIVITIES
We do not honor any Web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide you the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.  In addition, other parties may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our website or any of our services.

CHILDREN’S PRIVACY 
Our website is not directed at children under the age of 13. Western Union does not knowingly collect or maintain information at our website from persons under the age of 13. 

EXTERNAL WEBSITES 
Our website may be linked to or from third party websites. Western Union is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of websites that are linked to or from our website. 

CHANGES 
Western Union reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement. You can get updated Privacy Statements by calling us at 1-800-562-2598 or by visiting our website at www.westernunion.com. 
 
