
GetTransfer Service Agreement

							1. General.
						
1.1. GETTRANSFER LTD (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) offers to use GetTransfer Service available at https://gettransfer.com/ (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”) to an Internet user (hereinafter referred to as the “User”) under the rules and conditions described herein. This Agreement shall be deemed legally binding starting with the User’s statement of consent expressed as set in article 1.2.
1.2. By starting to use the Service, the the User shall be deemed to have accepted the terms of this Agreement herein without any reservations, exceptions or limitations. In case of the User’s disagreement with any provision of the Agreement herein, the User should not use the Service. If the Company as set in art.1.3 introduces any changes to the Agreement herein which the User has no intention or possibility to adhere to, it is the User’s obligation to stop using the Service.
1.3. The Company is authorized to introduce changes to the Agreement herein with no prior notice. New version of the Agreement shall come into effect when posted at https://gettransfer.com/en/terms_of_use/. Once the changes are made, a notice shall be sent to the e-mail addreress the User stated during the registration at the Service.

							2. Using the Service, Parties’ Rights and Obligations, and Limitation of Liability.
						
2.1. The Service allows the User to search for private transportation services (hereinafter – “Transfers”) providers using the list of the partner organizations (the “Carriers”) which have entered into separate agreements with the Company.
2.2. Having found a Carrier, the User then enters into a paid service contract with a Carrier but not with a Company.
2.3. The Liability of the Company is limited to an obligation to accurately pass the information provided by the Carrier as well as to transfer prepayment or full payment for Transfer received from the Uer to the Carrier. The Company shall not be liable for the credibility of the information passed as well as for the due and in good faith performance of the Carrier’s obligations within any agreements between the Carrier and the User.
2.4. The User understands and agrees with the the fact that the Company bears no responsibility for any losses including the loss of gains and physical losses and damages in any way determined by the use of the Service.
2.5. The relations between the User and the Company fall exclusively within the Agreement herein. Nothing should be presumed to indicate that the Company and the User have entered into or have agreed to enter into any other contract or have any rights and obligations before each other within any other agreement.

							3. Payment for the Services of the Carrier.
						
3.1. After finding a Carrier and agreeing upon the price with him or her, the User shall transfer a prepayment or full payment for the price of the Transfer via one of the payment options offered by the Company, to the account of the Company which acts as the Carrier’s agent for accepting the payments and attracting the customers.
3.2. The User shall transfer either 30 or 100 percent of transfer fee to the account of the Service as an advance payment. The Service then acts as a payment agent on behalf of the Carrier. This money transfer is not a payment for Service or any other Company’s services apart from those explicitly referred to in this Agreement. The remaining part of the price of the Transfer shall be delivered by the User to the Carrier immediately after the finish of the Transfer by any mean agreed upon with the Carrier (either by cash or by wire transfer using the Service).
3.3. At acceptance of the present Agreement in accordance with par. 1.2. the User agrees that the Company has the right to add to the amount of payment for the transfer the processing charges which are due to under the relevant agreements between the Company and such banks and/or payment systems. The User also agrees that the amount of payment for the transfer may be debited from the User’s bank/card account in other currency than one previously selected if the payment in specific currency and/or the mandatory currency conversion are stipulated by the bank and/or payment system effecting the payment.

							4. Cancellation and Refund Policy
						
4.1. The User may unilaterally cancel the booked and payed Transfer by sending an e-mail to the Service support address [email protected]
4.2. The Company undertakes to return the funds fully to the User, that have been transferred to the Company’s account, as full payment or pre-payment in case of the Transfer cancellation made under the clause 4.1 not later than in 24 hours before the agreed time Transfer time.
4.3. The Company undertakes to return the funds to the User in case of the Transfer cancellation at the initiative of the Carrier or caused by the Service.
4.4. In case when the User cancels the Transfer unilaterally later than in 24 hours before the agreed time of the Transfer, the Company shall not return the funds to the User.
4.5. No payment return (full or prepayment) is allowed in case the User or another passenger on whose behalf the User placed an order does not show up at an agreed place of the Transfer at the pick-up time nor within 60 minutes at airports and 15 minutes at all other locations  after such time.
4.6. In case this falls under the terms of the bank and/or the payment system by which the payment was made the funds that are to be transferred to the User in accordance with clause 4.2. and 4.3. of the Agreement can be charged from the Company’s account in the currency in which they were charged from the User’s account (clause 3.3.) and wired to the User’s card or/and bank account in the currency of the account via the conversion procedure.

							5. User Consent for Advertising Messages and Privacy Policy.
						
5.1. User agrees that the Company has a right to send advertising messages to the User. The User has a right to decline receiving advertising messages by using the relevant functionality of the Service, as part of which or in connection with which the User has received advertising messages.
5.2. Company shall collect and process only those personal data of User that are required to be processed during the use of Service or necessary to operate Service.
5.3. The User hereby agrees that his/her consent on processing and collection of personal data shall be deemed given by acceptance of this agreement to the extent and for the purposes set in art. 5.2.
5.4. The company shall take all necessary and sufficient organizational and technical measures to protect the User’s personal data from illegal or accidental access, destruction, alteration, blocking, copying, or distribution, as well as from other illegal actions with such data by third parties.
5.5. In order to work more efficiently the website https://gettransfer.com is using Cookie-Files. By starting to use the Service the User agrees to the use of Cookie Files.
5.6. With regards to the personal data protection the Company follows the legislation of Cyprus and European Union.

							6. Prohibition of discrimination.
						
6.1. Discrimination refers to any distinction, exclusion, restriction or preference in the rights and freedoms of an individual or a group of individuals, as well as support for discriminatory behavior.
6.2. The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union of 7 December 2000 establishes the Inadmissibility of Discrimination, in particular article 21, paragraph 1, contains the following: “Any discrimination, in particular on grounds of sex, race, color, ethnic or social origin, genetic traits , Language, religion or belief, political or any other views, membership of a national minority, property status, birth, disability, age or sexual orientation.” Paragraph 2 once again emphasizes that “any discrimination based on nationality is prohibited”. Racial Equality Directive 2000/43/EC establishes a ban on all forms of racial discrimination; Gender Equality Directive 2006/54/EC (in relation to employment) establishes the equality of men and women, prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex. The prohibition of discrimination is the basic principle of international law, recognized and actively supported by the entire world community.
6.3. The service asks the Users to be tolerant and not to specify in the applications requirements of a discriminatory nature. Service against discrimination in all its manifestations. The user has the right to specify requirements in the Application regarding the quality and details of the services provided, however, discriminatory requirements are impermissible, in particular the requirement that the services be provided by the Carrier of a certain sex, race, nationality, sexual orientation. If the User indicates discriminatory requirements in the Application, Service reserves the right to reject the Application and terminate the Agreement with the User (to block the account).

							7. Final Provisions.
						
7.1. If for any reason one or several provisions of the Agreement herein are declared invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof.
7.2. The Agreement herein is made in Russian and English languages both equally binding. In case of any inconsistency between the two versions, the Russian version shall prevail.
Gettransfer LTD


Reg. address
Patron st., 10, 6051, Larnaca, Cyprus


Reg. number
359294


VAT number
10359294I


Bank name
Blueorange Bank AS


Bank address
Smilšu iela 6, Rīga, LV-1050, Latvija


IBAN
LV79 CBBR 1124 9999 0001 0


SWIFT
CBBRLV22



