
The Marriott Group and our third party marketing partners may use cookies, invisible pixels, local shared objects (i.e., persistent cookies) and web beacons to obtain information about Websites users. Cookies are small text files that are placed on a computer or mobile device when you visit a website or use an app. Our Websites may receive and store certain information automatically based on your browser settings, which may include your browser type and operating system, the web pages viewed, IP addresses or unique device identifiers associated with mobiles devices, and sites visited before or after visiting our Websites.
You can set your computer to warn you each time a cookie is sent or turn off all cookies (except Flash cookies) through your browser. Check your browser's Help menu or your built-in mobile device settings to find out how. Some mobile devices store cookies not only in areas connected to the browser, but also in areas that are app-specific, which cannot be controlled by the browser settings. Check your app settings options on your mobile device to find out how to manage or delete cookies that may be stored in these other areas. If you do not accept cookies, some features, services or activities that are available on our Websites may be adversely affected and you may be unable to perform certain transactions, use certain functionality, and access certain content.
We use the following types of cookies on our Websites and apps:

Session cookies which are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
HTTP request header information in order to make our Websites function correctly and to personalize content presented to you, better understand how visitors use our Website and how we can better meet your needs.
Throughout the online reservation process to remember dates used in hotel searches, check room availability and fulfill the reservation.
Allow registered users to sign in without typing their email, Marriott and Ritz-Carlton Rewards number each time.
Measure usage of various pages on our Website to help us make our information more personalized and easily accessible.
Provide functionality such as online reservations, Marriott or Ritz-Carlton Rewards transactions, and other functionality that we believe would be of interest and value to you.
Track customer response to Marriott and Ritz-Carlton advertisements and Website content.
Determine your browser’s ability to receive HTML email messages to determine the appropriate format for you to receive and read email.
Know how many users open an email and allow our service provider to compile aggregated statistics about an email campaign for us.
Serve ads through third-party advertising technology when you visit our Website and sites upon which we advertise. In the course of serving our advertisements to you, unique third-party persistent cookies, clear gifs or beacon gifs may be placed on your computer or device, provided by our ad-serving providers, to help manage our online advertising and which recognize when a device visits our Websites, to learn which banner ads bring users to our Websites and to track whether a reservation is made. The information our ad-serving providers and we collect through this technology is not personally identifiable but is used to create a profile which allows the ad-serving provider to serve adverts targeted towards you and your interests across the ad-serving network.

The Marriott Group and its third-party service providers use web beacons and pixel tags to:

Track customer response to the Marriott Group advertisements and Website content;
Determine users ability to receive HTML-based email messages and know how many users open an email and allow our service provider to compile aggregated statistics about an email campaign for us; and
Allow us to better target interactive advertising, enhance customer support and site usability, and provide offers and promotions that we believe would be of interest to you.

If you would like to know more about cookies, including flash cookies/local storage devices, the following websites provide useful information:
Do Not Track Signals: 
Some web browsers offer a "Do Not Track" ("DNT") signal that is a HTTP header field indicating your preference regarding tracking or cross-site user tracking. We currently do not recognize DNT signals; however, as stated above, we do allow you to exercise some choice in the information collected by adjusting your browser’s cookie settings. As stated above, we also work with third parties that use tracking technologies on our Web sites in order to provide tailored advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the Internet. These companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications, and use this information to determine which ads you see on third party websites and applications. If you wish for more information about this practice and to understand your options, please visit http://www.aboutads.info .

