
Privacy, terms and conditions
Disclaimer
Although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure that the information we publish was accurate at the time of publication, Full Fact does not warrant its accuracy and disclaims any liability to any third party anywhere in the world for any injury, damage, direct or indirect loss, consequential or economic loss or any other loss suffered as a result of the use or reliance upon the information contained in these web pages to the maximum extent permitted by law.This disclaimer shall be interpreted in accordance with English law.
Copyright
The content of this website is copyright Full Fact unless otherwise stated. All rights reserved. For licensing requests, please contact us.
Privacy
Below we tell you about how we manage your data on all the different channels we use. 
We keep all your personal data secure and limit access to it unless necessary.  We only keep data for as long as we require it, and after that we delete it.
If you use our website…
Full Fact uses cookies to understand how our audience uses our website. Find out more about how to manage cookies.
We use Google Analytics to see how people come onto our website and to see which articles are most popular. You can read Google Analytics’ privacy policy here.
Our website uses a Facebook pixel. This helps us to make our Facebook adverts (when we run them) more relevant as it tracks what pages people look at.  
You can read about how to opt out of collection of information and third party ads here and here.
If you’re on our mailing list…
We send an email once a week with our latest factchecks and updates about how you can get involved and support our work. If it's an election or referendum we may send an email more often. You can unsubscribe at any point in one click, and there will never be any cost attached to signing up.
We use Mailchimp to send you our emails and to see which articles are most popular - you can read their privacy policy here.
If you follow us on social media…
On both Facebook and Twitter we study which articles do well in terms of shares and engagement. You can find Twitter and Facebook’s privacy policies here and here.
If you’ve donated to support Full Fact…
We’ll use your details to manage payments and send supporter updates. We use Stripe and GoCardless to manage payments - their privacy policies are here and here.
We use Mailchimp to send you our emails and to see which articles are most popular - you can read their privacy policy here.
 

