
Web site and online services
When you visit our Web site and otherwise use our online services, we collect usage, device, and network information such as your IP address, the type of operating system and web browser you are using, and which areas you visit. We may use data collected in Web server log files, JavaScript code, and cookies (as further described below). We use this information for purposes such as administering our Web site, helping to diagnose problems with our server, providing visitors with relevant content, and analyzing visitors’ behavior to better understand their needs.
Cookies
When you visit the MathWorks Web site and access “My Account” services, one or more cookies may be placed on (or read from) your machine if your browser is set to accept cookies. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser. These cookies do not store any personal information on your hard drive. They consist of a simple code that is used to access your account information, maintain current session data, gather broad demographic information, and help analyze Web site traffic. MathWorks may use such non-personal information for a variety of purposes including, but not limited to, market research and improving the content of our Web site.
Although Web browsers typically allow cookies by default, you may choose not to receive cookies by modifying the settings of your Web browser to disable cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features of this Web site or other Web sites you visit.
Web analytics and bookmarking
MathWorks engages a third-party Web traffic analysis company to log aggregate information coming through our Web site on our behalf. MathWorks controls how that data may and may not be used. When you visit our Web site, the third-party Web traffic analysis company may use technical tracking methods such as cookies that will be listed under the domain 2o7.net, and Web beacons, on our behalf, and may receive anonymous information about your browsing on our Web site. We may also use these technical tracking methods in e-mails to determine whether the recipients have opened such e-mails, clicked on links contained in those e-mails, and continued to browse our Web site. We direct the third-party Web traffic analysis company to collect information that is unique to individual visitors but is not personally identifiable to the third-party Web traffic analysis company. We do not share any personally identifiable information, such as your name, street address, or e-mail address, with the third-party Web traffic analysis company.
We allow third-party companies, including a third-party social bookmarking service, to collect certain anonymous information when you visit our Web site and share or bookmark content. We do not share any personally identifiable information with these third-party companies.
Third-party advertising
MathWorks may work with select third-party partners who use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to provide measurement services and serve you MathWorks related content, including MathWorks advertisements, on their sites or elsewhere on the Internet, based on your prior visits to our site. MathWorks also sets cookies that look at your preferences when you use the Web site so that MathWorks may offer you tailored marketing collateral that you may be interested in. You can set your browser to disable or notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. By using our Web site, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your system. If you wish to opt-out of behavioral advertising on third-party sites, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website or Digital Advertising Alliance website. Please note that if you disable cookies, some site functionality may be limited.
Do Not Track
Like most other companies, our website and online services are not consistently configured to respond to browsers' "Do Not Track" signals because at this time no formal "Do Not Track" standard has been adopted. Learn more about "Do Not Track."
MathWorks® Store
MathWorks Store has security measures in place to protect the order information under our control against loss, misuse, destruction, and alteration. We use industry-standard security measures called SSL encryption. Encryption helps protect your credit card number and personal information by scrambling the data in transit to the MathWorks Store. We encrypt every order. If you would prefer to give your information by phone, you may call 508-647-7000. MathWorks uses a PCI-compliant third-party vendor to securely process your order. MathWorks does not store your credit card information.
ThingSpeak™ data
MathWorks stores data that you choose to send from your ThingSpeak-enabled data source. You can choose to make that data public or private. Public data, or other public submissions you make via the ThingSpeak Web site, is generally displayed with your username and a link to your profile. You can choose to make your profile public or private. If your profile is public, it will display information to the public that you choose to share, such as a link to your own Web site or the channels you follow.
License management and product usage
Most MathWorks products and services contain technology for license management and for the prevention of unlicensed use. Most MathWorks products and services also contain technology that sends usage and error reports to MathWorks both in the course of normal usage and in the event of a software crash. This technology causes the products and services to send messages to MathWorks over the Internet that contain network, device, license, and usage information. This information may include the products and services you accessed, the length of your session, errors that occurred, your IP address, a license identifier, and your MathWorks Account identifier. In some cases, you can opt out of sending these reports by selecting an option in the applicable product; consult the MathWorks documentation for instructions.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us.
Updated April 12, 2017

