


Cookies & Privacy | Yacht Charter Fleet





























if(!tick) {var tick = function(){};}







  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-40607169-1']);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);

  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://' : 'http://') + 'stats.g.doubleclick.net/dc.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();



    var googletag = googletag || {};
    googletag.cmd = googletag.cmd || [];
    (function() {
    var gads = document.createElement('script');
    gads.async = true;
    gads.type = 'text/javascript';
    var useSSL = 'https:' == document.location.protocol;
    gads.src = (useSSL ? 'https:' : 'http:') +
    '//www.googletagservices.com/tag/js/gpt.js';
    var node = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];
    node.parentNode.insertBefore(gads, node);
    })();



Yacht Charter Fleethttp://www.yachtcharterfleet.com

	var $ = jQuery.noConflict();

YachtCharterFleet.com - Luxury yacht charter boats
        
My Account|Add My Yacht




Open/Close Search

Advice
Events
News
Destinations
Yachts
Why Charter




Yacht Charter Fleet
Privacy Policy





Privacy Policy

WHO WE ARE
                                        
Superyacht Network Ltd ("we”, “us” or “our") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting our website yachtcharterfleet.com (Site) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
We provide this Site to help consumers both discover yacht charter and research their next vacation by combining details of ALL yachts for Charter with destination information, special offers, events and market news. We are not yacht brokers ourselves.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), we are notified as a data controller with the Information Commissioner's Office with registration number ZA171130. Superyacht Network Limited is registered in England under 07892853 whose registered address is 87 North Road, Poole, Dorset, England BH14 0LT.
If you have any queries or comments about the policy, our use of your personal information or wish to unsubscribe from messages from us, please get in touch by emailing customersupport@yachtcharterfleet.com or writing to us.
A reference to "you" or "your" is a reference to a user of the Site or any of our services.


WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
                                        
You may give us information about yourself when you visit or use the Site or use our services, including your name and your contact details. Your Information may also be collected based on how you use this Site including your searches, the yachts and pages you look at, the advertisers or partners you contact and the contents of the emails you send to them and any correspondence that you have with us.
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case, we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this Site to form part of Your Information. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers and brokers) and may receive information about you from them.
On our Site, the forms where you might enter personal information have tick box options to enable you to accept or decline to our use of Your Information for marketing purposes. Your most recently submitted form will be used as your current consent status. If you are a registered user, but not signed in when you submit a form, we won't be able to use your saved settings. Your consent choice will be deemed to be as per the form you submit at the time.


HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
                                        
All the information we hold or collect about you (Your Information) will enable us to provide you with access to all parts of this Site and to supply the services and features that you have requested. We may aggregate the information to identify patterns which we can use in our marketing and to help us develop, administer, support and improve our services and features.
We may use Your Information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to this Site or our services. Where you have consented, we may also use Your Information to contact you with details about any other products or services we or our partners or advertisers offer that may be of interest to you. Where you have consented to being contacted by third parties, we may make Your Information available to them. If you change your mind about being contacted in the future, please contact us.

Information you give to us.
                                                We use the information held about you in different ways:
                                                
to pass your messages on to our advertisers and partners including yacht brokers to help them provide a more personalised service to you;
to provide information services to third parties;
to improve the features and services we offer;
to support our own marketing and promotion efforts;
to allow you to participate in our interactive services;
to enforce our Terms of Use.



Information we collect about you.
                                                We will use this information:
                                                
to administer our Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our Site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our Site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Site about goods or services that may interest you or them.


We also make use of personally identifiable information as follows:
                                                
details of your last search are sent to the broker, business partner or advertiser to help them find yachts that match your requirements more closely. If you are a registered user and signed in, your settings will be included to help them provide a more personalised services to you.
If you call us or our broker, business partners or advertisers, information regarding the time and date of the call, its status and your telephone number will be made available to them. Your phone calls may be recorded for training and monitoring purposes. The recordings will only be available to the partner or advertiser you contacted and our employees.
If you email a friend through our Site, we record which yachts you have sent to the friend, so that we can track the popularity of those yachts. We record the other details provided in the email for internal monitoring of the service. No other information will be added to our mailing lists.
If you decide to save yachts you are interested in on the Site, we can identify which yachts you have saved. These details may be anonymously aggregated to indicate how many users have saved a particular yacht, but we will not make available to third parties any personal data relating to which users have saved which yachts.
If you decide to save searches and/or use the yacht alerts feature to receive notification when new yachts matching your criteria are added to this Site, we will record the settings you use and which yachts have been sent to you. We do not make any information about any yacht that has been sent to you available to our partners, advertisers or third parties.




WHO ELSE HAS ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
                                        
Business partners, suppliers, subcontractors and selected third parties may have access to Your Information. Their use of Your Information is governed by their own privacy policies. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of any other websites, even if you access them using links from this Site or if you can access this Site or use our services from them. We therefore recommend that you check the policy of each Site that you visit and make sure that you are comfortable with the terms of such policies before providing any personal information.
If we enter into a joint venture with or our business is sold to or merged with another business, Your Information may be disclosed and ultimately transferred to our new business partners or owners.
If we offer or supply a service to you that is provided on our behalf by a third party, we may have to pass Your Information to them in order to deliver the service. By using this Site, you consent to us providing Your Information to the third parties licensed by us to provide such services. We may also use third parties to provide services on our behalf which may include processing Your Information. In either case, we will only pass Your Information to someone who is notified with the Information Commissioner's Office as a data controller or if outside the UK, is subject to these or similar provisions in our contract with them and we will not allow the third party to use Your Information commercially without your consent.
We retain access to all personal information that we have collected from you.
We will not otherwise disclose, sell or distribute Your Information to any third party without your permission unless we are required to do so by law.


YOUR ACCESS TO AND EDITING OF YOUR INFORMATION
                                        
You can, as a registered user of this Site update Your Information, change settings or deactivate your account in the My Details section of My Account page once signed in.
You can request us to provide you with a copy of Your Information. We may charge a small administration fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of Your Information. You may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that such information is accurate and kept up-to-date.


COOKIES
                                        
Our Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Site and also allows us to improve it. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy [LINK]. Your browser will give you the option to prevent our Site using cookies but this may infect the functionality of our Site.
Like all websites, our servers automatically record 'log files' containing information about the volume and characteristics of our Site traffic e.g. IP address, numbers of pages viewed, length of time spent on Site. We use log files to build pictures of how our Site is used that help us to monitor and improve the service. We cannot identify you from your log files.


SECURITY, STORAGE AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
                                        
Your Information may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting Your Information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your Information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. If we are working with third parties we will require them to have in place similar measures to protect Your Information.
Your Information is stored on our secure servers.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect Your Information, we cannot guarantee the security of Your Information transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received Your Information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We will retain Your Information for a reasonable period or for as long as is required by law.


YACHT DETAILS DISPLAYED ON YACHTCHARTERFLEET
                                        Details held by us about a yacht do not comprise personal data as defined by the Data Protection Act 1998. We may use the data which we hold about yachts to provide data services to third parties. If your yacht is listed on our Site you may ask us not to use some or all of the details of your yacht to provide such data services.  In this event please write to the Data Controller, at the address above stating your full name and address, confirmation that you are the owner of the yacht upon whose instructions we are entitled to act, the full name, year, builder and length of your yacht, and the name address and telephone number of the central agent you have instructed to market the yacht. We will consider your request but are not under an obligation to take any action in this regard (e.g. taking your yacht off of our Site).

GENERAL
                                        
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
You have the right to ask us not to process Your Information for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose Your Information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to us here.



COOKIES

WHAT ARE THEY?
                                         
Our Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Site and also allows us to improve our Site. By continuing to browse the Site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Site, maintain user sessions or log in to your account.
Local storage/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our Site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our Site. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our Site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our Site and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below.
Whilst we make every effort to recognise and respect your choices; it is possible that not all cookies and similar methods of data capture will be covered by these settings. If this is a concern to you then we recommend that you change the settings in your browser. If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies which are set on your device then you can do this through your browser settings. If not, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which should help.


STRICTLY NECESSARY COOKIES
                                        

Cookie
Purpose
Persistent or Session


PHPSESSID
Used to maintain user sessions across our site
Session


disable_mobile_redirection
To remember your preference for viewing the Full site on your Mobile phone
Session



PERFORMANCE COOKIES
                                        

Cookie
Purpose
Persistent or Session


__utm*family
Tracking cookies set by Google Analytics as detailed above
Persistent - expires after 2 years


_ce*family
Tracking cookies set by Crazy Egg tracks how visitors interact with web pages
Persistent - expires between 1 and 5 years


tracking
Tracking cookie used by enquiry forms to improve the customer experience
Persistent - expires in 1 year



FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES
                                        

Cookie
Purpose
Persistent or Session


shortlist_tmp
Used to remember the yachts you want to save in a shortlist
Persistent - expires after 6 months


vessel_length_id_preferred
Remembers information you have provided about yourself so that you can fill in contact forms quickly and easily
Persistent - expires after 1 year


viewed_yacht_id_list
Remembers which yachts you have viewed to serve you relevant yachts
Persistent - expires after 1 year


profile_default_display
Destinations display preference for video or images
Session



ONLINE BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
                                        
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies]
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Site.



 



ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW



Featured Luxury Yachts for CharterThis is a small selection of the global luxury yacht charter fleet, with 2808 motor yachts, sail yachts, explorer yachts and catamarans to choose from including superyachts and megayachts, the world is your oyster. Why search for your ideal yacht  charter vacation anywhere else?All Yachts for CharterSavannah84m |                     Feadshipfrom  $1,063,000 p/week♦Romea82m |                     Abeking & Rasmussenfrom  $944,000 p/week♦Alfa Nero82m |                     Oceancofrom  $806,000 p/week♦Symphony102m |                     Feadshipfrom POAO'Mega83m |                     Mitsubishi Heavy Industriesfrom  $590,000 p/week♦Cloud 974m |                     CRNfrom POAAQuiJo86m |                     Oceancofrom  $432,000 p/week♦11/1163m |                     Benettifrom POAAir81m |                     Feadshipfrom  $739,000 p/week♦Kismet95m |                     Lurssenfrom  $1,283,000 p/week♦

© 2013 - 2017 Yacht Charter Fleet. All rights reserved.
All logos, trademarks and copyrights contained on this Web site are and remain the property of their respective owners. Use of these materials does not imply endorsement by theses companies.  No licenses or other rights in or to such logos and/or trademarks are granted. 



Terms of Use
Cookies & Privacy


Languages:  



    setTimeout(function(){var a=document.createElement("script");
    var b=document.getElementsByTagName("script")[0];
    a.src=document.location.protocol+"//dnn506yrbagrg.cloudfront.net/pages/scripts/0019/4004.js?"+Math.floor(new Date().getTime()/3600000);
    a.async=true;a.type="text/javascript";b.parentNode.insertBefore(a,b)}, 1);







