Privacy Policy1001 Fonts is commited to protecting the privacy of its users and so this policy points out which user-data is collected and who has access to them.Cookies1001 Fonts may serve up to three cookies: A sessionID cookie to recognize signed in users, an optional rememberMe cookie to to recognize returning signed in users and last a browsing cookie for remembering user selected preferences such as desired font preview size, color or fonts per page etc. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize unique cookies on your browser as well. 1001 Fonts uses Google Analytics to analyze its traffic, which makes use of cookies as well.User RegistrationUsers can sign up for a registered account. The given password is stored in a salted, one-way repetitively encrypted hash and can not be restored. The submitted email address is not published and only visible to the owner within his/her user profile. This preference can later be changed by the user at free will. An MD5 hash of the email address is however publically used for obtaining an avatar from gravatar.com.User Generated ContentSigned in users are able to generate and publish certain content, such as posting to a forum or commenting on a font or even puplishing a font. The visibility/privacy of such content may vary and is usually marked with icons:  = Visible to everyone on the Internet = Visible to font authors only = Visible to signed in users only = Visible to the content owner only  Illustrations to the "Gallery" section of a font are visible to the public after approval by a site administrator. Email addresses published within public content are encrypted in a format hopefully not readable by spambots. In case of incoming copyright breach accusations regarding user generated content, the alleged user's email address may be handed over to the plaintiff for enabling direct communication between the two parties to hopefully help resolve any issues.Third Party Advertising1001 Fonts uses third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit this website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.Further InformationIf you have any questions about 1001 Fonts's dedication to consumer privacy, please contact us at (Javascript must be enabled to view this email address).