
Our privacy statement outlines how personal information is treated on our website.
PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR WWW.FAMILYPLANNING.ORG.NZ
This statement covers how New Zealand Family Planning Association (Inc), or Family Planning, ("us", "we" or "our") treats personal information that it collects and receives on the website www.familyplanning.org.nz. Any personal data you transmit to the site by electronic mail or otherwise, will be used by Family Planning only for the purpose(s) it was collected.
There are limitations on how we will share your information. This statement tells you what information we collect, how we use and share information, and finally, how you can contact us with questions or concerns.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Communications
You may browse and access information on the www.familyplanning.org.nz website without providing any personal information.
However, you can disclose personal information by choosing the following options on our website:

signing up to our e-news
making a purchase on our online shop
making a donation 
submitting the contact form
requesting a booking
emailing us. 

When you communicate with us electronically, we may keep those communications in order to respond to them and improve the quality of our services and our support. We recommend you do not disclose any personal health information by using the contact form option on the website or by emailing us.
We will keep your personal information secure and will not disclose it to any unauthorised third party. If you want to check personal information that we hold, please contact communications@familyplanning.org.nz.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that are placed by a website and reside on your computer and are recognised when you visit or re-visit a website. A cookie does not contain any personally identifiable information. It can provide details of your IP address, the computer platform that you use (eg Macintosh or Windows), the browser that you use (eg Microsoft Explorer or Google Chrome) and what domain you are accessing the server from. With this information the following can be achieved:

Track traffic patterns to a website
Ensure that the most relevant content is being shown
Allow you to enter certain site member services without having to log in each time you visit
Ensure faster web page access in certain situations.

Tracking Technologies
The use of cookies by our service providers is not covered by our privacy policy. For example, we use Google Analytics, a third-party tracking service, which may use cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about our visitors to our site for the purposes of monitoring usage and volume statistics. We have no access to or control over these cookies and this privacy statement does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party. We encourage you to review Google Analytics privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
Third parties
We do not sell, rent, supply, give up or lease out any user or customer information to any third parties. We will only disclose information about you or your use of the website and/or services without your prior permission if we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

Conform to legal requirements (including, but not limited to, requirements in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or government request) or comply with legal process, or to help maintain the law
Protect our rights or property or those of our related companies
Act to protect the interests of our related companies, customers or personnel.

PARTNERS AND LINKED WEBSITES
This privacy statement only relates to the www.familyplanning.org.nz website. You are encouraged to review the privacy statements and policies of websites you choose to link to from our (or any other) website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share information.
You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy statements or policies or other content on websites linked to or from the www.familyplanning.org.nz website. However, if you find privacy or content problems with websites linked to or from the www.familyplanning.org.nz website, we would appreciate being notified so that we can take the appropriate action. Contact communications@familyplanning.org.nz.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
In order to reflect the fact that our organisation is growing constantly, we reserve the right to change this statement at any time. Any changes will take effect immediately they are posted on the www.familyplanning.org.nz website. Wherever possible we will notify you of any changes to this statement, but in the event that we do not, your continued use of our services indicates your acceptance of the particular statement that is posted on the website at the time of use.
RIGHT OF ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
You have the right to be informed of the information that we hold about you and to have it changed, corrected or deleted. To find out more about how to do this, please contact communications@familyplanning.org.nz.

