
Accessing medical records and other care records
We have powers under the Health and Social Care Act 2008 to access and use information – including personal and medical records – where we consider this is necessary for us to carry out our functions as a regulator. We also have powers to access and use information as part of our role protecting the rights of people whose rights are restricted under the Mental Health Act 1983.
For example, we check that care services are complying with the regulations regarding record keeping, care planning, consent, cooperating with other providers, and management of medicines.
We publish our guidance for our staff on accessing medical and care records. We usually look at only a small sample of these records during an inspection, often in anonymised form. In rare circumstances we may take a copy of parts of a person’s records.
If you do not want us to look at your personal information when we check services, tell your care provider. They can mark your records to show that you do not want us to see them.
If we know that you don’t want us to look at your information, we will respect your wishes, other than in rare circumstances explained in our Code of Practice on Confidential Personal Information.
Other information we receive from care services
Registered providers and managers of care services must tell us about certain events and incidents, including where they have received allegations of abuse, or where someone using the service is seriously injured. Care services also provide us with statistics including the number of complaints they have received.
This information will usually be anonymous, but we may ask for more information if there are concerns or issues that we need to explore further.
We sometimes look at records containing personal data, such as records relating to the handling of complaints. We do this to check how those services comply with their responsibilities.
We sometimes ask care providers for contact details of people who use their services so that we can seek their views as part of our inspection. If you don’t want us to contact you in this way, please tell your care provider.
Personal data that we receive from other sources
We receive information from people who use the services we regulate, their families, friends and carers. For example, we ask people to share their experiences of care with us. We also talk to people during inspections and receive letters, emails, telephone calls, comment cards and survey responses in which people tell us about care. These often contain personal data.
We also receive information that sometimes contains personal data from other sources, such as NHS England, other regulators, councils and the police.
We use this information to help us decide when, where and what to inspect, and to help us make our judgements when we inspect services.
Data and statistics
We receive data about organisations’ quality of care from NHS Digital, the trusted national provider of high-quality information, data and IT systems for health and social care.
We use three sources of data that contain personal information:
Find more information about what we hold and how we use these sources on the NHS Digital registers of approved data releases.
What data do we hold from NHS Digital that could potentially identify someone?
The data we hold include the following NHS Digital identifiable items:

date of birth (patient),
local patient identifier,
postcode of patient,
mother’s date of birth (in relation to maternity data),
NHS number,
birth date (baby, in relation to maternity data),
date of death

Some of this information is unique to a person (NHS Number, local patient identifier), and others cannot uniquely identify a person (e.g. a postcode), but all data is stored and processed with the same robust security applied to identifiable data.
We need this information to help meet our purpose of ensuring safe, effective and compassionate, high-quality care. For example, we may compare death rates at different hospitals, look for unusually high infection rates, and check for appropriate use of the Mental Health Act.
NHS Digital send us this information because we meet their strict requirements on keeping it secure and only using it in a way that supports our work. Our powers under the Health and Social Care Act 2008 allow us to require NHS Digital to provide us with this information. Find out more about how we use data to monitor services.
Could others identify individuals from the data?
We may have to raise questions or concerns with a hospital directly; for example, if we are concerned about a hospital's death rates. This only happens in exceptional circumstances.
Under agreement of NHS Digital, we may send codes (hospital numbers) to the hospital to allow them to review their own medical records identifying specific patients to see if their care had been lacking in some way. These codes originate from the hospital and can only be used by hospital staff to identify patients who have been treated at that hospital. We always treat these codes with the utmost care, and we will never attempt to link this data with individuals’ names.
Concerns or objections about data provided by NHS Digital
If you have concerns about data that we receive from NHS Digital, or wish to object to your information being shared in this way, see the NHS Digital website.
Publishing information
We take care to ensure that our inspection reports and other publications do not identify people who use care services.
In some exceptional circumstances (for example, where a service is used by only a very small number of people) someone mentioned in a report could be identified. Where we think this may happen we will take care to include only the minimum necessary personal information, and we will discuss this with the person (or their family or representatives) before publication.

