
Privacy Policy

PRIVACY POLICY: NET-A-PORTER
May 16, 2018
PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to the NET-A-PORTER website.
At NET-A-PORTER we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This notice sets out key information regarding NET-A-PORTER and how any personal data you provide to us will be processed. For more detailed information on how we use your data and
    your rights regarding your data, please read our full Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. For all other information regarding our services, please refer to our Terms & Conditions.

    If you would like more information about how we collect, use and store your personal data, you can contact us at any time by emailing privacy@net-a-porter.com, calling +44 330 022 5700 or writing to the Privacy Team at THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED, 1 The Village
    Offices, Westfield London, Ariel Way, London, W12 7GF.
  
About us
The NET-A-PORTER website is owned and run by THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED. 
THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED (referred to here as "we", "our", "us") is part of YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP. If we use the term "our Group", this means us and our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries (or any of them). The term
    "our online services" refers to NET-A-PORTER, MR PORTER, THE OUTNET, our mobile and tablet applications, our pages on third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Google+ and any other websites or apps we
    own or run from time to time. The term "our services" refers to our online services and any of our other products and services, such as PORTER magazine, offered from time to time. If you use any of our services, we will refer to you using the terms
    "user", "visitor", "you", "your", "yours" in this policy.
For the purpose of the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (the Law), the data controllers for any personal information we hold about you are THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED of 1 The Village Offices, Westfield
    London, Ariel Way, London, W12 7GF, United Kingdom and YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP S.p.A. of Via Morimondo 17, 20143 Milan, Italy.
What personal data do we collect and why?
We collect your personal data when you place an order, call our Customer Care team, sign up for our marketing communications, browse our website or use the other services offered by our website (www.net-a-porter.com). The data we collect includes details you provide
    to us, such as your given name and surname and your shipping and billing addresses. We also collect data regarding your shopping habits and the pages and products you have viewed from your use of the website. We use this data to:

Take your orders, process your payments and deliver the items you have purchased;
Provide any additional services you have requested, such as our marketing communications;
Give you access to services reserved for registered users, such as Wish Lists and product alerts;
Deliver your PORTER magazine, if you are a subscriber;
Provide you with help and assistance via our Customer Care team;
-Personalize your visit to the website and ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.

Under the Law, we must have a valid legal basis to process your data. In most instances, we will process your data because we have a contract with you e.g. to deliver your purchases or magazine, or to provide you with other services you have requested.
    We will also use your personal data to send you sales and marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you if we have your explicit consent for this activity, or if you are an existing customer where we have a legitimate interest
    in communicating with you. You can opt out of sales and marketing communications from us at any time.
Who will process your data?
Your personal data will be processed by THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED and YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP S.p.A, as the data controllers, and may also be processed by other Group companies acting under our instructions. 

    We may also retain the services of external suppliers to help meet our business needs and may share your data with these suppliers. These suppliers have been selected after a rigorous evaluation process and chosen for their security, reliability and competence.
    They will process your data only under our instructions. Some of these suppliers and some Group companies may be based in non-EU countries. Where this is the case, the transfer of your personal data to these countries is carried out in compliance
    with the guarantees provided by law.
How long do we keep your data?
We will not retain your personal data for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which you provided that personal data, unless the law permits or requires that we retain it for longer. The retention period varies depending on the purpose
    of the processing. For example, the data collected during your purchase of goods on www.net-a-porter.com are retained in accordance with local tax law (seven years in the UK), while those data used to send you our marketing communications are retained until you ask
    to be unsubscribed.
What are your rights regarding your personal data?
Under the Law, you have the right to:

Know what personal data of yours we are processing, where that data came from and how we are using that data;
Ask us to update, correct or supplement the data we hold about you;
Withdraw consent for processing for a specified purpose;
Ask us to delete or erase your data from our systems;
Limit or oppose our processing of your data;
Ask us to supply the personal data we hold about you in an easy readable electronic format, or transfer that data direct to a third party nominated by you.

You can exercise these rights at any time by emailing privacy@net-a-porter.com, calling +44 330 022 5700 or writing to the Privacy Team at THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED, 1 The Village Offices, Westfield London, Ariel Way, London, W12 7GF.
If you believe that the processing of your personal data has been carried out unlawfully, you can file a complaint with the supervisory authority responsible for compliance with the rules on personal data protection in your jurisdiction. In the UK,
    the complaint should be presented to the Information Commissioner's Office (https://ico.org.uk/).
This Privacy Policy may undergo changes and additions from time to time. Where possible we will inform you of any changes, but please check the contents periodically. The date of issue and version number are shown at the beginning of the notice.
PRIVACY POLICY: NET-A-PORTER
Welcome to the NET-A-PORTER website.
At NET-A-PORTER we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This notice describes what personal data we collect, how we will use that data and how we keep your data safe. For additional information on how we use cookies please refer to
    our
    Cookie Policy. For all other information regarding our services, please refer to our Terms & Conditions.
If you have a question that is not answered here, or if you would like more information about how we collect, use and store your personal data, you can contact us at any time by emailing privacy@net-a-porter.com, calling +44 330 022 5700 or writing to the Privacy
    Team at THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED, 1 The Village Offices, Westfield London, Ariel Way, London, W12 7GF.
In this Privacy Policy we will cover:

1.	Who is the data controller?
Under the data protection law, the data controller is responsible for ensuring that your data is held securely, that you are given accurate information about how your data is used, and that your rights regarding your data are respected.
The NET-A-PORTER website is owned and run by THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED. For the purpose of the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (the Law), the data controllers for any personal data we hold about you are
    THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED of 1 The Village Offices, Westfield London, Ariel Way, London, W12 7GF, United Kingdom and our parent company, YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP S.p.A. of Via Morimondo 17, 20143 Milan, Italy. 
THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED (referred to here as "we", "our", "us") is part of YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP. If we use the term "our Group", this means us and our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries (or any of them). The term
    "our online services" refers to NET-A-PORTER, MR PORTER, THE OUTNET, our mobile and tablet applications, our pages on third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Google+ and any other websites or apps we
    own or run from time to time. The term "our services" refers to our online services and any of our other products and services, such as PORTER magazine, offered from time to time. If you use any of our services, we will refer to you using the terms
    "user", "visitor", "you", "your", "yours" in this policy.
Should you have any queries about our use of your personal data, please email privacy@net-a-porter.com, call +44 330 022 5700 or write to our Privacy Team at THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED, 1 The Village Offices, Westfield London, Ariel Way, London, W12 7GF, UK.

2.	What personal data do we collect?
We collect and process only the data that is required to allow us to provide our services to you. We collect the following data when you browse or shop at www.net-a-porter.com:

We process the personal data required to complete and despatch your purchase, including your name, billing address, delivery address, payment details, mobile number, telephone number and email address. We collect your email address in order to send you confirmation
      of your order; we collect your telephone number so that we can contact you if there are any issues with the order.
We collect your email address when you sign up to receive NET-A-PORTER News.
If you register for a NET-A-PORTER account, we collect your name, email address, password, country and additional data regarding your favourite designers and your marketing preferences.
When you contact our Customer Care team, we may collect additional data to help us resolve any queries relating to your order, delivery, payments, marketing, the website or any other queries.
We collect and process data about your browsing on www.net-a-porter.com, including the pages you visit and how you interact with these pages. If you have registered for an account, we collect browsing data about your
      access to the dedicated areas of the website.
If you are a customer of www.net-a-porter.com, or if you have given us your consent, we collect and process your personal data for direct marketing activities.
If you provide us with someone else's data - for example, if you purchase a product to be delivered to a friend or as a gift - we will collect and process the personal data required to complete the transaction such as the name,
      delivery address and other contact details for your friend. If you are receiving an item as a gift, we will process your data only to fulfil the gift request and our contractual obligations.
When you use the App version of our website, we will ask for your consent to collect personal data from you in order to send you brief messages, "push notifications" about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. With your consent, we will also
      collect data regarding your use of the App and your IP address, in order to improve our service to you. You can disable push notification at any time by updating the App settings in your mobile device.
If you subscribe to PORTER magazine, we will collect and process the personal data required to complete and despatch your purchase, including your name, billing address, delivery address, payment details, telephone number and email address.  We collect your email address in order to send you confirmation of your order; we collect your telephone number so that we can contact you if there are any issues with the subscription.  You have the option to provide us with your birth day and month and to subscribe to our marketing communications and those from our partners.
When you call our Customer Care team, your call will be recorded for training and fraud prevention purposes.


3.	How do we use the personal data we collect?
We collect and process your personal data for the following purposes:

When you purchase a product from www.net-a-porter.com we ask you for the personal data necessary to allow us to fulfil our contract with you including taking payment, any related anti-fraud checks if you choose to pay
      by credit/debit card, billing, shipping and delivery of the product and possible handling of the return.
When you visit www.net-a-porter.com, we will collect the minimum personal data necessary to allow us to provide you with the services of the website, such as placing and holding items in your shopping bag.
When you visit www.net-a-porter.com, we will use some data about your use of the website to help us improve the website and our promotion of the website. This will include data about how you came to the website; the date
      and time of your visit; products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction data (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
    
We also collect data about your use of www.net-a-porter.com by using cookies. More information about how we use cookies and how you can, if you wish, turn off cookies is included in our Cookie Policy.
    
When you register on www.net-a-porter.com, we will collect the data necessary to ensure that we can recognise you on return visits and provide you with the services registration offers, such as creating a Wish List or
      subscribing to emails about your favorite designers. If you would prefer not to continue receiving these emails, you can unsubscribe at any time using the link on the bottom of the email, or by contacting our Customer Care team.
When you sign up for our marketing communications, we will ask you for your email address. If you would prefer not to receive these emails, you can unsubscribe at any time using the link on the bottom of the email, or by
      contacting our Customer Care team.
If you have purchased from www.net-a-porter.com, we will use the personal data we hold about you, including your purchase history, to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. This contact
      will normally be via email, but in certain circumstances we may contact you via other methods e.g. we may call you if an item we know you have been eager to purchase comes back into stock. If you would prefer not to be contacted in this way, you
      can unsubscribe from emails at any time using the link on the bottom of the email, or update your contact preferences on www.net-a-porter.com or by contacting our Customer Care team.
We analyze contact data, purchase history, web browsing data and lifestyle data to tailor our marketing communications, web site presentation and internet advertising to meet your preferences. For example, if you have been browsing or have previously
      purchased a particular shoe designer, we may send you an email to tell you that these are now on sale or display similar products to you as part of our internet advertising. 
When you contact our Customer Care team, we will use the personal data you provide and that we have collected to respond to your requests for help or information.
When you use the App version of our website, we will collect data regarding your use of the App and your IP address, in order to send you push notifications about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. 
When you subscribe to PORTER magazine, we ask you for the personal data necessary to allow us to fulfil our contract with you including taking payment, any related anti-fraud checks if you choose to pay by credit/debit card, billing, shipping and delivery of the magazine.  You have the option to provide us with your birth day and month and to subscribe to marketing communications and those from our partners.  If you have any questions regarding this use of your data, please contact the PORTER privacy team via privacy@net-a-porter.com
If you use the services of PORTER Concierge, we will share the specific contact details you provide with the brand whose product you have asked us to help you find.  For example, if you have asked about a specific dress, we will pass this information to the designer along with your name, email address, phone number (if given) and any other relevant information included in your inquiry such as dress size.
When you call our Customer Care team, your call will be recorded for training and fraud prevention purposes. 
We will use the contact information that you provide to deliver service messages such as any change to our Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy, delivery updates or other non-marketing communications.


4) What is our legal basis for processing your personal data?
Under the Law we must have a valid reason for using your personal data and we may not collect, store or use data about you that is not compatible with that reason. There are four valid reasons for our use of your personal data:

Most of the data we collect from you is necessary to allow us to fulfil our contract with you or to enter into a contract with you e.g. you provide a billing address and email address when your purchase an item from www.net-a-porter.com so that we can process your payment and send you your order confirmation. 
In certain circumstances we will ask for your permission or consent to use your personal data e.g. if we would like to send you marketing information about items we believe may be of interest to you via email. If you have given your consent to
      our use of your personal data, you are entitled to withdraw this consent at any time.
We may also have a legitimate interest in using your personal data e.g. to ensure that the content of our website is presented to you and your device as effectively as possible, or to ensure that our marketing communications are relevant to your interests.
      If this is our reason for using your data, we must make sure that our interests do not override yours and you are entitled to object to this use of your data.
Lastly, we may be required to use your data to meet a legal obligation or to protect your interests e.g. we may exchange data with other specialist organisations for the purposes of fraud detection and credit risk reduction and we will retain
      financial data long term to meet our statutory obligations.

The legal basis for each of the ways in which we use your personal data is as follows:



Our use of your data
Our legal basis for processing


a) When you purchase a product from www.net-a-porter.com we ask you for the personal data necessary to allow us to fulfil our contract with you including taking payment, completing any related anti-fraud checks if you choose to
          pay by credit/debit card, billing, shipping and delivery of the product and possible handling of the return.

          1. The provision of your personal data for these activities is a contractual obligation. You are free to communicate your data or not, but in the absence of the requested data it will not be possible to finalise or execute the contract and your requests.
          This means that while you will continue to be able to browse www.net-a-porter.com, you will not be able to purchase products and you will not be able to use the services of our website such as the Wish List.   2. When you make a purchase at www.net-a-porter.com, we are required to process your personal data to meet our legal obligations in accordance with the tax provisions and other statutory rules which apply. You are
          free to decide whether or not to purchase from us, but if you do make a purchase this use of your data will be necessary to meet our legal obligations. 3. When you make a purchase at www.net-a-porter.com, we will use some of your personal data to carry out anti-fraud activities: we have a legitimate interest in carrying out this activity to prevent and prosecute any fraudulent activity.
        



          b) When you visit www.net-a-porter.com, we will collect the personal data necessary to allow us to provide you with the services of the website, such as placing and holding items in your shopping bag. 

          Our use of your data is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that the service we provide to you is managed correctly.
        



          c) When you visit www.net-a-porter.com, we will use some data about your use of the website to help us improve the website and our promotion of the website. This will include data about how you came to the website;
          the date and time of your visit; products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction data (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away
          from the page.
        

          Our use of your data is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that the service we provide to you is managed correctly.
        



          d) We also collect data about your use of www.net-a-porter.com by using cookies. More information about how we use cookies and how you can, if you wish, turn off cookies is included in our Cookie Policy.
        

          You have given your consent to our use of cookies via the cookie banner that appears on the website. You can choose which cookies to accept via our Cookie Policy. Some cookies are necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that the service we provide
          to you is administered correctly e.g. retaining items in your shopping bag.
        



          e) When you register on www.net-a-porter.com, we will collect the data necessary to ensure that we can recognise you on return visits and provide you with the services registration offers, such as creating a Wish List
          or subscribing to emails about your favorite designers. If you would prefer not to continue receiving these emails, you can unsubscribe at any time using the link on the bottom of the email, or by contacting our Customer Care team.
        

          The provision of your personal data for these activities is a contractual obligation. You are free to communicate your data or not, but in the absence of the requested data it will not be possible to finalize or execute the contract and your requests.
          This means that while you will continue to be able to browse www.net-a-porter.com, you will not be able to use the services of our website such as the Wish List or alerts about deliveries from your favorite
          designers.
        



          f) When you sign up for our marketing communications, we will ask you for your email address to enable delivery of our marketing communicationss. If you would prefer not to receive these emails, you can unsubscribe at any time using the link on the bottom of the email, or by contacting
          our Customer Care team.
        

          You have given your consent and asked us to send you our marketing communications.
        



          g) If you have purchased from www.net-a-porter.com, we will use the personal data we hold about you, including your purchase history, to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. This
          contact will normally be via email, but in certain circumstances we may contact you via other methods e.g. we may call you if an item you have been eager to purchase comes back into stock. If you would prefer not to be contacted in this way,
          you can unsubscribe from emails at any time using the link on the bottom of the email, or update your preferences via www.net-a-porter.com or by contacting our Customer Care team.
        

          Our use of your data is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that you receive information about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
        



          h) We analyze contact data, purchase histories, web browsing data and lifestyle data to tailor our marketing communications, web site presentation and internet advertising to meet your preferences. For example, if you have been browsing or have previously
          purchased a particular shoe designer, we may send you an email to tell you that these are now on sale or display similar products to you on our website or as part of our advertising on other websites.
        

          Our use of your data is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that you receive information about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
        



          i) When you contact our Customer Care team, we will use the personal data you provide and that we have collected to respond to your requests for help or information.
        

          The provision of your personal data for these activities is a contractual obligation. You are free to communicate your data or not, but in the absence of the requested data it will not be possible to finalise or execute the contract and your requests.
        



          j) When you use the App version of our website, we will collect data regarding your use of the App and your IP address, in order to send you push notifications about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you.
        

          You have given your consent to push notifications.
        



          k) When you subscribe to PORTER magazine, we ask you for the personal data necessary to allow us to fulfil our contract with you including taking payment, any related anti-fraud checks if you choose to pay by credit/debit card, billing, shipping and delivery of the magazine. You have the option to provide us with your birth day and month and to subscribe to our marketing communications and those from our partners.
        

          The provision of your personal data for these activities is a contractual obligation. You are free to communicate your data or not, but in the absence of the requested data it will not be possible to finalise or execute the contract and your requests.

You have volunteered your birth day and month. In sending our marketing communications, our use of your data is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that you receive information about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
You have given your consent to receiving marketing communications from our partners.
        



          l) If you use the services of PORTER Concierge, we will share the specific contact details you provide with the brand whose product you have asked us to help you find.  For example, if you have asked about a specific dress, we will pass this information to the designer along with your name, email address, phone number (if given) and any other relevant information included in your inquiry such as dress size.
        

         Our use of your data is necessary for our legitimate interest in helping you find the specific product which you are interested in purchasing.
        



          m) When you call our Customer Care team, your call will be recorded for training and fraud prevention purposes.
        

          Our use of your data is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that our employees receive adequate training and for fraud prevention.
        



          n) We will use the contact information that you provide to deliver service messages such as any change to our Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy, delivery updates or other non-marketing communications such as fraud preventation checks.
        

         Our use of your data is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that you receive information relating to our contract with you.
        





5) Who will process your data?
Your personal data will be processed by the internal staff of THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED who have been specifically trained and authorised for this processing. In carrying out the processing, the data may also be transmitted to companies belonging
    to YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP S.p.A, to which THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED belongs.
Your personal data will also be transmitted to third parties that we use to provide our services; these parties have been rigorously assessed and offer a guarantee of compliance with the legislation on the processing of personal data. These parties
    have been designated as data processors and carry out their activities according to the instructions given by THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED and YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP S.p.A and under our control.
The third parties in question belong to the following categories: banking operators, internet providers, companies specialising in IT and telematics services; couriers; companies that carry out marketing activities, including social media organisations; companies specialising in market
    research and data processing; companies offering contact centre services; companies providing publishing and distribution services.
Under some circumstances we may be required to disclose or share your data without your consent, for example if we are required by the police, the courts or for other legal reasons. Your data may be transmitted to the police, judicial and administrative
    authorities, in accordance with the law, for the investigation and prosecution of crimes, the prevention of and protection from threats to public security, to allow THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED to ascertain, exercise or defend a right in court,
    as well as for other reasons related to the protection of the rights and freedoms of others.
We may also transfer your personal data to a buyer or potential buyer in the event that our assets are acquired by another organisation. The purchaser will be required by law to use your personal data only as described in this Privacy Policy

6) Data transfer outside the European Union
Some of the third parties listed in the previous paragraph 'Who will process your data?' may be located in countries outside the European Union that nevertheless offer an adequate level of data protection, as established by specific decisions
    of the European Commission (https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en)
  
The transfer of your personal data to countries that do not belong to the European Union and that have not been assessed as offering adequate levels of protection will be performed only: 
I. after the completion between THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED and said parties of specific agreements containing safeguard clauses and appropriate guarantees for the protection of your personal data (known as "standard contractual clauses"
      and approved by the European Commission), or
II. if the transfer is necessary for the completion and execution of a contract between you and THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED (for the purchase of goods offered on our website, for registration on the website or use of services on the website),
      or
    
III. for the management of your requests.


7) How long do we keep your data?
We keep your personal data for a limited period of time in line with our data retention policy. The specific retention period will vary according to the reason for processing your personal data. After this period, your data will be permanently erased
    or otherwise irreversibly rendered anonymous.
Your personal data are retained in accordance with the following criteria: When you have purchased goods from www.net-a-porter.com, we will retain the billing data until the end of the relevant accounting period, normally
    seven years from the billing date;
When you make a payment, we will retain your payment details up to the certification of the payment and the completion of the relevant administrative-accounting formalities regarding your right of withdrawal and the terms applied for the disputing
    of the payment;
When you provide us with personal data in order to use the services of www.net-a-porter.com, such as marketing communications, we will keep your data for this purpose until the termination of the service or until you cancel
    your subscription to the service;
When you give us your consent to send you marketing communications, you can withdraw your consent at any time. We will consider your consent to be current for five years from your last interaction with any email that we send you, with our App or with www.net-a-porter.com In any case, we will reduce the number of marketing contacts after six months if you don't interact with us; 
  
When we use your personal data and browsing history to analyse your behaviour in order to customise the website and to show you personalized sales offers, we will keep the data for analytical purposes until you ask us to delete it;
When we use personal data for market research and satisfaction surveys, we will keep the data until you ask us to stop.
When you contact our Customer Care team, we will keep any additional personal data you provide that is specific to your inquiry for as long as you remain an active customer of www.net-a-porter.com.
When you contact our Customer Care team, we will keep the call recording for six months.  Credit card details are not recorded as part of the call.

8) Your rights
You have the right to request a copy of the data that we hold about you (and we will provide this to you free of charge once we have confirmed your identity).
If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal data, please email or write to us using the contact details in this policy.
If we do hold data about you we will: 

-give you a description of it 
-tell you why we are holding it 
-tell you who it could be shared with 
-tell you how long we will keep the data
-if the data was not provided by you, we will give you any available information such as the source of the data 
-tell you if the data has been used for automated decision making
-tell you if the data is stored outside of the European Economic Area, and if so what safeguards are in place to protect your personal data
-let you have a concise and clear copy of the data 

You have the right to ask us to correct any inaccuracies in the personal data we hold about you and to stop us using your data until it has been corrected. We want to make sure that your personal data is accurate and up to date and we will be happy
    to correct or remove data you think is inaccurate. 
If you have given us your consent to use your personal data for marketing, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by calling our Customer Care team, clicking "unsubscribe" on a marketing email or replying STOP to a text
    message. Alternatively, you can sign into your account on www.net-a-porter.com and update your requirements in our Email Preference Centre. You may receive a small number of further communications immediately after unsubscribing
    but we will implement your request as quickly as possible.
You have the right at any time to oppose our processing of your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest. You will need to explain the reasons behind your request and allow us to consider your request and respond.
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data. After receiving and reviewing your request, if legitimate it will be our responsibility to promptly cease processing and to delete your personal data.
You have the right to receive a copy of your data that we process based on your consent or on the basis of a contract with you in a standard format. If you wish, where technically possible, we can transfer your data directly to a third party indicated
    by you.
To exercise any of these rights, you can sign in to your account, contact our Customer Care team at privacy@net-a-porter.com or +44 330 022 5700 or write to our Privacy Team at THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED, 1 The Village Offices, Westfield London, Ariel Way, London,
    W12 7GF. 
To ensure that the data of our users are not subject to breaches or illegitimate use by third parties, we will ask you to confirm your identity before carrying out your request.

9) Security
We protect your personal data with specific technical and organisational security measures aimed at preventing your personal data from being used illegitimately or fraudulently.
In particular, we use security measures that guarantee: pseudonymisation or encryption of your data; the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your data as well as the resilience of the systems and services that process them; the ability to
    restore data in the event of a data breach. Furthermore, THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED undertakes to test, verify and regularly evaluate the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures in order to guarantee continuous improvement in the
    safety of processing.

10) Complaints
If you believe that THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED is processing your personal data in contravention of the Law, you can file a complaint with the supervisory authority responsible for compliance with the rules on personal data protection. 
In the UK, the complaint can be presented to the ICO. More information on how to complain is available on the ICO's website at https://ico.org.uk/. According to the Law to which the Controller
    YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP S.p.A. is subject, you can also contact the Italian Data Protection Authority. More information is available on the website of the Garante Privacy, at http://www.garanteprivacy.it/ 

11) Changes to this notice
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review in order to reflect changes in our services and in privacy regulation. This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 16, 2018

12) Legislative references and useful links.
The processing of your personal data is carried out by THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED and YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP S.p.A. in compliance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 general regulation on data protection, UK Data Protection Act 2018 and rules on
    the processing of personal data (https://ico.org.uk/.).
Privacy Policy - United States
This website is owned and run by THE NET-A-PORTER GROUP LIMITED ("we", "our", "us”), part of YOOX NET-A-PORTER GROUP. If we use the term “our Group”, this means us and our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries (or any of them).  The term “our online services” refers to NET-A-PORTER, MR PORTER, THE OUTNET, our mobile and tablet applications, our pages on third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Google+ and any other websites or apps we own or run from time to time.  The term “our services” refers to our online services and any of our other products and services, such as PORTER magazine, offered from time to time.  If you use any of our services, we will refer to you using the terms “user”, “visitor”, “you”, “your”, “yours” in this policy. 
We respect the privacy rights of our visitors and recognise the importance of protecting the information collected about them. This privacy policy is about how we collect, store, and use the personal information that you provide to us. As part of our commitment to your privacy rights and security, our websites have been certified by Cybertrust.
This privacy policy explains: 
If you are under 16, you must inform a parent or guardian about our privacy policy to obtain their agreement to the privacy policy before registering, subscribing or placing an order with us. 
 Back to top