Privacy
Using the website
    usually is possible without providing personal data. If personal Data are collected on our site (i.e. name or email
    address), this always happens voluntarily as it is feasible. Without your explicit permission, your data will not be
    passed or sold to others.
We stress the fact that any kind of transmission through the internet can be subject
    to security issues. A gapless security of this transmission can’t be accomplished.
Using the information we
    provide in the imprint for the purpose of sending unrequested advertisement is strictly prohibited. We explicitly
    claim the right to take legal actions against any kind of unsolicited advertisement.

     
Cookies
To optimize our web presence, we use cookies. These are small text files stored in your computer's main memory. These cookies are deleted after you close the browser. Other cookies remain on your computer (long-term cookies) and permit its recognition on your next visit. This allows us to improve your access to our site.

You can prevent storage of cookies by choosing a "disable cookies" option in your browser settings.

 
 
Privacy Policy for
    Google AdSense

    This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses
    “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The
    information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and
    stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will
    truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties
    to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened
    by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of
    evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other
    services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP
    address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on
    your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this
    website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and
    installing the browser plug-in available under 
    https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.
    You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the
    computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this link: Disable Google Analytics

Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at
    http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or at 
    https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/. Please note that on this
    website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so
    called IP-masking).
Privacy Policy for
    Google AdSense
This website uses Google AdSense, as service for providing advertisements by Google
    Inc. (“Google”). Google AdSense uses “cookies” (small text files) that are stored on your computer and used to
    analyze the website utilization. Google AdSense also uses web beacons (invisible image files) which allow to track
    information like the website traffic.
The information created by the cookies and web beacons about the usage
    of this website (including IP Address and advertisement formats) will be transferred to a Google server in the USA.
    Google can pass these information to contracted partners. Google will not merge your IP Address with your other
    information though.
You can disable the cookie functionality using appropriate browser settings. This can
    impact the usage of this website though. By using this website, you agree that Google may process your data in the
    described way and for the named purpose.