
SANE Australia Privacy Policy
SANE Australia (ABN 92 006 533 606) (SANE) is committed to protecting the confidentiality, security and privacy of personal information held on its records. SANE will comply with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and any privacy principles made under that Act.
This Privacy Policy (the Policy) governs all personal information collected, used and disclosed by SANE, including on the SANE Australia Website (including any of the webpages located at www.sane.org, the SANE Helpline Chat and the SANE Forum (the Forum)).
SANE may amend this Policy at any time by posting the updated terms on the SANE Australia Website. The amended terms take effect when you access the SANE Australia Website or after 30 days, whichever is sooner.
Voluntary provision of information
SANE collects personal information that is voluntarily provided to SANE. This information may include an individual’s name, gender, age, address, information about their health or any treatments received, and information about their use and access of the SANE Australia Website.
You do not need to disclose your name to use the SANE Australia Website or take advantage of the products and services offered by SANE, but you may not be able to fully utilise all of the services offered by SANE if you do not do so.
We use Google Analytics to analyze the audience of the website and improve our content. No personal information is collected from Google Analytics. For further information on the privacy policy concerning Google Analytics, please click here.
Disclosure of information
Personal information held by SANE is not disclosed, sold or otherwise supplied to any third party, including any third party situated overseas, unless that disclosure is to provide the services offered by SANE or the SANE Australia Website, or that disclosure is to one of our charity or other partners in connection with the Forum or any other online forums SANE operates.
SANE may also disclose your personal information to any person if we are authorised or required to do so by law (for example, in an emergency medical situation).
You specifically acknowledge and agree that the Forum is hosted by servers located in Australia, the United States of America and elsewhere as SANE requires.
You consent to your personal information being transferred to and stored on SANE or third party servers, wherever they are located, and acknowledge that by providing your consent, Australian Privacy Principle 8.1 will not apply and SANE will not ensure that overseas recipients of your personal information do not breach the Australian Privacy Principles.
Research information
SANE will collect or use personal information in the course of conducting a research project if it has the specific consent of the individuals concerned. Any information collected in this way will be de-identified before analysis, and any identifying data will be destroyed or permanently deleted.
Use of information
SANE will use personal information for the purposes of providing services to the individual who supplied the information to SANE, medical research, improvement of the services supplied by SANE and the SANE Australia Website or related purposes.
SANE will make reasonable efforts to permit individuals to use the SANE services and the SANE Australia Website without providing personal information, but it may not be possible for SANE to provide these services unless the individual supplies relevant personal information to SANE.
Security of information
Personal information held by SANE is secured on locked premises regularly checked by a security guard. Information held in electronic form is secured from unauthorised access by methods that include a firewall and encrypted password control. All staff at SANE are trained to handle personal information confidentially and have signed agreements not to disclose personal information to any third party in breach of this agreement.
Disposal of information
Personal information no longer required by SANE for any of the purposes contemplated by this Policy will be destroyed or permanently deleted.
Accuracy and freedom of information
SANE is committed to ensuring that any personal information it holds is accurate and up-to-date. Any individual may access or request that SANE correct the personal information that SANE holds about them by contacting the SANE Privacy Officer at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or on (03) 9682 5933.
Enquiries about information
Any enquiries or complaints about how SANE collects, holds, uses or discloses personal information, or any breach of any principles under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), should be directed to the SANE Privacy Officer at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or on (03) 9682 5933. SANE takes all complaints seriously. Upon receiving a complaint, SANE will promptly carry out an investigation and will work with the individual concerned to resolve the issue.
Last modified: March 2014 
