OverviewAt Draw Paint Academy we are committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use our website https://drawpaintacademy.com (the “Site”). Please note that we may update this policy from time to time.The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a new EU regulation aimed at helping to strengthen data protection for EU citizens and residents both within the EU and the wider world and will be effective from 25th May 2018.This new legislation will replace current data privacy law, giving more rights to you as an individual and more obligations to organizations holding your personal data. It replaces the existing Data Protection Directive (1995).TopicsOur Privacy PrinciplesWho We AreWhat information do we collect about you & where is your information stored?How will we use the information about you?CookiesAffiliate DisclaimerThird Party LinksSecurityChildren’s Online PrivacyYour RightsData BreachesPolicy Updates1. Our Privacy Policy PrinciplesWe will never spam you with irrelevant emailsAs a subscriber to Draw Paint Academy you will receive regular tips, website updates and relevant art promotions (sometimes up to daily)You may opt out or in of our email communications at any timeYou have the right to remove any information we may hold on youWe will never sell, rent, make public or distribute your personal informationData is a liability and therefore should only be collected and processed when absolutely necessary2. Who We AreThe Site is operated by Daniel Scott as a sole trader.Registered office: 22 Mount Mee Street, Brisbane, Queensland, 4125Contact: [email protected]3. What information do we collect about you & where do we store it?3.1 Online FormsWe collect the personal information you voluntarily provide to us, which includes your name and e-mail address, in order to subscribe to our newsletter, receive our free content, comment on our blog, and/or purchase services or online products.3.2 Customer dataOur courses and other products are hosted by Thinkific Labs Inc. (“Thinkific”). They provide us with the online course creation platform that allow us to sell our product/services to you.If you purchase any products, Thinkific will collect and securely store data which includes your name, address and email address. Your data is stored through Thinkific’s data storage, databases and the general Thinkific application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.Email marketing: we may send you emails about our site and related course(s), registration, course content, your course progress or other updates. We may also use your email to inform you about changes to the course, survey you about your usage, or collect your opinion.Payment:If you make a purchase on our site, we use a third party payment processor such as Stripe or Paypal. Payments are encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction.All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our site and related courses and its service providers.For more insight, you may also want to read Thinkific’s Terms of Service here https://www.thinkific.com/resources/privacy-policy/  or Privacy Statement here https://www.thinkific.com/resources/terms-of-service/ .3.3 Website Visitor TrackingLike most websites, our website uses Google Analytics. This tool collects information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. We use this information to better understand how visitors find us and how they interact with our website. We can use this to make adjustments to our website, to deliver a better user experience.We also use tracking from Facebook, Pinterest and Instagram so that we can better understand how visitors are interacting with our site via social media and to track the effectiveness of any adverts we place on social media.This data is all anonymized but you can opt out of this tracking at any time via your own browser settings. See our Cookie Policy for more details.3.4 Email updatesIf you choose to receive email updates your email address will be stored in Convert Kit which is the app we use. Convert Kit are third-party data processors. At any time you can unsubscribe from our emails either from within the email or by emailing us.3.5 CommentsShould you choose to add a comment to any posts or online courses that we have published on the Site, the name and email address you enter and your comment will be saved to our website’s database, along with your computer’s IP address and the time and date that you submitted the comment.This information is only used to identify you as a contributor to the comment section and is not passed on to any of the third party data processors. Only your name will be shown on the public-facing website although if the supplied email address is linked to a Gravatar account, your Gravatar photo will also be displayed.Your comment and its associated personal data will remain on this site until we see fit to either:Remove the comment orRemove the blog post.Should you wish to have the comment and its associated personal data deleted, please email me using the email address that you commented with.If you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before posting a comment on our blog.3.6 WordPressThis Site is built on WordPress a website content management system (CMS). This service may collect anonymous information about users’ activity on the Site, for example, the number of users viewing pages on the site, to monitor and report on the effectiveness of the site and help us improve it.WordPress requires visitors that want to post a comment, to enter a name and email address. If you submit a comment to a blog post published on this website or if you submit a contact form, some personal information will be stored in this website’s database.These are currently the only occasions where personal data will be stored on this Site. For more information about how WordPress processes data, please see Automattic’s privacy notice.4. How will we use the information about you?We collect information about you to understand your needs and provide you with a better service. Specifically, we use your information for:4.1 Internal record keeping4.2 Improving our servicesThe legal basis for this type of processing is either consent or our legitimate interests in growing our business.4.3 Providing you with offers relating to our products or services.The legal basis for this type of processing is either consent or our legitimate interests in growing our business. We may send you such communications if you requested it and/or if you agreed to receive such communications. You can opt-out of these emails at any time through the ‘unsubscribe’ button in each email or contacting us via email.We will only share your information with trusted 3rd parties if necessary to provide support in running this Site. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.5. CookiesA cookie is a piece of code that allows the web server to identify and track activity of the web browser. They are widely used in order to make websites work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.You can enable or disable your Cookie settings via your own web browser. See our Cookies Policy for more details.For further details please consult the help menu in your browser or visit www.allaboutcookies.org.6. Affiliate DisclaimerThe Site is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn affiliate fees by linking to books on Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk and Amazon.ca.I’ve included certain art education books and supplies and links to those art education books and supplies on this website that I will earn an affiliate commission for any purchases you make.Please note that I have not been given any free products, services or anything else by these companies in exchange for mentioning them on my site.7. Third Party LinksThis website may contain links to third party websites.  Unless otherwise stated, this Privacy Policy only covers information that we collect from you on this Site. Any other link will be covered by the privacy policy of that specific site.  You acknowledge and accept that we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third parties.When you click on links on the Site, they may direct you away from the Site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.8. SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Though we have these procedures in place we can’t be held responsible for any intercepted information shared through the Site without our knowledge or permission.9. Age of ConsentBy using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence.10. Your RightsYour rights under data protection laws include the right to access, erase, correct, restrict, and/or object to our use and processing of your personal data, as well as the right to portability of the data.  You have the right to confirmation as to how and where we process your data. To the extent that the legal basis for our processing consent, you have the right to withdraw at any time. If you consider our processing to infringe data protection laws, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. If you have any requests regarding your personal information, please contact [email protected]If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please email [email protected]11. Data BreachesWe will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.12. Policy UpdatesDraw Paint Academy may update this policy and you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please email [email protected]Updated: 18th May 2018 