

Book Now







Book Now




 



Privacy Policy
Belize Luxury Hotels Accommodations



We understand that booking online involves significant trust on your part. We value your trust, and make it a high priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide us with. Please read this Policy to learn about our privacy practices. 

What information we collect from you?
How we use your information?
With whom we share your information?
How you can correct your information?
Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information
Cookies and other technologies
Google analytics
Using San Ignacio Resort Hotel’s mobile site
How we protect your information?
Children's privacy
External links
Transfer of personal information outside your country
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How you can contact us?


What information we collect from you?
In general, we receive and store all information you enter on our website or give us in any other way, including via any App. This includes information that can identify you ("personal information"), including your first and last name, telephone number, postal and e-mail addresses and billing information (such as credit card number, cardholder name, and expiration date). We may also request information about your hotel room preferences. You can choose not to provide information to us, but in general most of the information we request from you is required in order to process a reservation for you, participate in a survey, contest, or sweepstakes; ask us a question; or initiate other transactions on our website or through any App.

Travel Companion Information. When you make a reservation for someone else through this website or any App, we will request personal information and travel preferences about that individual. You should obtain the consent of other individuals prior to providing us with their personal information and travel preferences, as any access to view or change their information will be available only through your account.

Information from Other Sources. We also may periodically lawfully obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from affiliated entities, business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to our account information. Examples of information we may receive include: updated delivery and address information, purchase history, and demographic information.

Automatic Information. We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit this website. For example, we will collect your IP address, Web browser software (such as Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer), and referring website. We also may collect information about your online activity, such as trips viewed and bookings made. Our goals in collecting this automatic information are helping customize your user experience and inhibiting fraud. For more information, please see Cookies and other technologies.
 

Social Media. If you make use of any San Ignacio Resort Hotel social media features, either on our website, an App or otherwise through a social media provider, we may access information about you via that social media provider in accordance with their policies. When using a social media feature and if you have chosen to include it in your social media account, we may access information such as your name, profile picture, gender, birthday, email address, town or district and any other information you have chosen to make available. Depending on the privacy settings of you and your friends, we may access information that you provide to a social media provider regarding your respective locations ("Location Data") to provide you with relevant content. Please note that your Location Data may also be shared with your friends on a social media provider in accordance with your privacy settings for that social media provider. We may also access information from social media providers about your use of an App that we run on their website.

 

How we use your information?
We use sensitive billing information (such as cardholder name, credit card number, and expiration date) for the purpose of completing the hotel reservations you make on our website or through our mobile site. We use other information about you for the following general purposes so long as you have given your consent: to provide you with the products and services you request; to provide you with your hotel booking confirmation and updates; to manage your account, including processing bills and providing travel notifications; to communicate with you in general; to respond to your questions and comments; to measure interest in and improve our products, services, website and our Apps; to notify you about special offers and products or services that may be of interest to you; to otherwise customize your experience with this website or our Apps; to solicit information from you, including through surveys; to resolve disputes, collect fees, or troubleshoot problems; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; to enforce our Terms of Use; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection.

Email Communications. We want to make it easy for you to take advantage of travel-related opportunities on our website and through our Apps. One way we do this is by sending you e-mail messages that contain information about your hotel related interests if you consented to receiving email marketing communications. Where legally required, we will abide by existing publicly available opt-out lists when sending you marketing communications. Please note that you will have the opportunity to choose not to receive email messages.

Please review your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information below.



With whom we share your information?

With your consent, we may share your information with the following entities:


Suppliers such as hotel, airline, and activity providers, who fulfill your travel reservations. All services provided by a third-party supplier are described as such. Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any travel supplier whose products you purchase through this website or any App. Please note that these suppliers also may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you, facilitate your travel reservation, or respond to a review you may submit. While we may share anonymous reviews with our suppliers, we will not share reviewer names or contact information unless you have explicitly told us that we may. We are not responsible for the supplier or third party company deducing your identity from the content of your review and contacting you directly.

 

Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf, including credit card processing, business analytics, customer service, marketing, distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs, and fraud prevention. We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf, including as necessary to operate features of our website or our Apps or to facilitate the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests. Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose. They are also required to follow the same data security practices that we ourselves adhere to. Please note that these third party service providers may be established in countries that might not offer a level of protection for your personal information that is equivalent to the one offered in your country of residence. However, we will endeavor to protect all personal information we collect from you in accordance with strict data protection standards.

 

Referring websites if you were referred to this website from another site (for example, through a link you clicked on another site that directed you to this one), we may share some information about you with that referring website. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website that referred you here.

 

Social media providers. When you access certain San Ignacio Resort Hotel social media features through our website or Apps, you are sharing information with the social media provider (such as Facebook) and the information you share will be governed by their privacy policies (including that we may access such information via the social media provider). You may be able to modify your privacy settings for these social media providers. Please consult the privacy policy of the relevant social media provider for further information. We will not provide any social media provider with access to your account number or information.


We also may share your information:




In response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.

 

When we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of our company, this website or our Apps, our customers, or others; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements.

 

In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.

 

Other than as set out above, you will be notified when personal information about you will be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share such information. We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our website receives or the most popular hotels and vacation destinations. This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest.



How you can correct your information?
You can update your contact information by contacting guest services. You can close your account by contacting us at the e-mail address listed above. Please note that after you close an account, you will not receive any emails or specials from the Hotel; however, you can open a new account at any time.
 

By providing your personal information to us through this website or any App, you accept that we may retain your information. We may continue to process account-related information in order to fulfill our legitimate business objectives, to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, and for historical record and analytical purposes. We employ robust technical measures to prevent unauthorized access to account information.

 

If you do not hold an account with us or wish to contact us in relation to any personal information that is not displayed in your account, you may ask us to access, delete or modify the information that we hold about you by e-mailing us at the following address guestservices@sanignaciobelize.com. You can also contact us to request an explanation as to how we process your information, and you may revoke the consent to the processing of your information provided when accepting this Privacy Policy by sending us an e-mail.

Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information.

 

As discussed above, you can choose not to provide us with any information, although it may be needed to confirm your reservation or to take advantage of certain features offered on this website or our Apps. You also can update information and close your account as described above. When you make a reservation you will be given a choice as to whether you want to receive email messages from us about special offers as well as email messages about products and services of selected third parties.

 

Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications, including service announcements and administrative messages, relating either to your reservation or to your transactions, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.



Cookies and other technologies


Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit almost all websites. Cookies do not recognize you personally and are not harmful to your computer or mobile device. They are used by websites you visit in order to improve your experience on the website, to provide us with analytics information that will help us improve our website generally, and to collect information about travel destinations of interest to you so that you may see travel ads more relevant to you.

Cookies help us to understand what did and didn't interest you about our website so we can provide you with features that are more relevant and useful to you next time you visit. We and some of our partners also use cookies on our site to measure the effectiveness of advertising on our site and how visitors use our site.

Alternatively, if have any other questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please e-mail us at guestservices@sanignaciobelize.com we'll do our best to help.



Google Analytics
San Ignacio Resort Hotel uses Google Analytics to analyze traffic to this web site. Google Analytics does not create individual profiles for visitors and only collects aggregate data. For more information about Google Analytics, please click here.



Using the San Ignacio Resort Hotel mobile website (the "Mobile Website")

When you use the San Ignacio Resort Hotel Mobile Website, we collect and use information about you in the same way and for the same purposes as we do when you use our website.

In addition to this, we also use some other information that we collect automatically when you use our Mobile Website. Specifically:

We collect information about Mobile App functionality that you access and use. This allows us to identify those areas of the Mobile Website that are of interest to our customers so that we can refine and continuously improve the Mobile Website. The information we collect for this purpose does not enable us to directly identify you. Our Mobile Website also sends us the device's unique device identifier (or "UID"), a sequence of numbers or characters that are unique to your mobile device. We use this only on the first opening of the Mobile App so that we can confirm to our advertising networks the number of downloads resulting from clicks on their respective ad banners and other marketing tools. The Mobile Website will also send us error-reporting information in the event that it crashes or hangs. This enables us to investigate the error and to improve the stability of the Mobile Site for future releases. As part of these error reports, the Mobile Site sends us information about the mobile device type and version, the UID, the time the error occurred, the feature being used and the state of the application when the error occurred. We do not use this information for any purpose other than investigating and remedying the error.

 

You always have the ability to not access the Mobile Site from your mobile device entirely and access our services through our website.



How we protect your information?
We want you to feel confident about using our website, mobile site and apps to make travel arrangements, and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. While no website or App can guarantee security, we have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information, and they may only do so for permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and ours, and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information.



Children's Privacy
This is a general audience website and neither the website nor any App offer services directed to children. If we gain actual knowledge that a child under the age of 18 has provided any personal information to us without the parent or guardian's consent, we will immediately delete this information.



External links
If any part of this website or any App links you to other sites, those sites do not operate under this Privacy Policy. We recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on those other websites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.



Transfer of Personal Information Outside Your Country
If you are visiting our website or using our Apps from another country, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the country, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of that country might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy.



Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy in the future. We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the e-mail address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our website and/or through our Apps.



How you can contact us?
If you have questions about either this Privacy Policy (or your travel planning or purchases), please e-mail us or write to us at:
Email: guestservices@sanignaciobelize.com
San Ignacio Resort Hotel
P.O. Box 33
#18 Buena Vista Street
San Ignacio, Belize
Cayo District, Central America
This Privacy Statement is effective as of 27/10/14
Below you will find the updated Privacy Policy for San Ignacio Resort Hotel, which applies to any information provided or collected through this sanignaciobelize.com and/or any sanignaciobelize.com application, including the sanignaciobelize.com mobile and tablet applications or any application on a social media or other website (each an "App"), each of which are provided by San Ignacio Resort Hotel, P. O. Box 33, 18 Buena Vista Street , San Ignacio, Belize, Cayo District ("San Ignacio Resort Hotel", "we", or "us").


















From our blog: 




			October 22, 2018
			 | 232 clicks

A Day in a Birder's life




			October 10, 2018
			 | 186 clicks

Service Excellence and Team Building





Copyright 2018 by San Ignacio Hotel
 | Site Map
							Created by Created by Belize Internet Marketing & Website Design Login
