

PNet: About us

Everything we do has one goal: to
accurately match the best candidates with the best companies. This is what we
do every day - it's what we love doing and it's what we're good at.

PNet has the largest database of active
candidates in South Africa. This combined with our unique service offering and
delivery ensures that you receive the maximum attention and widest exposure to
your vacancies and brand.

Quality Service

Over the years, PNet has built one of South
Africa’s largest online recruitment communities. Currently over 7000 recruiters
(users) utilize PNet on a daily basis to find the best candidates for their
organizations or for their clients. With a substantial database of over
2.3million active career seekers, we continuously market the PNet services to
attract the highest calibre of career seekers.

PNet pioneered the online e-Recruitment in
1997; the vision was to create a single web-based facility for recruitment
agents, corporate and job seekers alike. By providing anywhere, anytime access
to online jobs and professional CVs. The PNet system has evolved into a
superior set of on-line tools which best meet the needs of recruiters and job
seekers.

Today, PNet’s world-class infrastructure
provides recruiters access to unique and simple to use e-Recruitment tools, and
with a wide range of services and functionality, PNet is able to tailor the
various solutions to meet all client specific needs

Unrivalled Support

At PNet we understand the importance of
customer care and our Support Centre provides clients with the necessary
assistance, whatever the need is. The Support Centre based at our head office
in Gauteng’s Bedfordview, provides clients with unmatched assistance. PNet has
local representation in Umhlanga, KwaZulu Natal and Century City, Western Cape.
Whatever the client needs, PNet is on hand to assist and manage their requests
– face to face, by phone or via email.

Vision

PNet’s vision is to provide an innovative
and superior world-class online e-recruitment service. PNet continually
re-invents itself and its solutions to ensure an online environment and
infrastructure that remains at the cutting-edge and at the forefront of the
e-recruitment space.

Values

PNet commits to delivering a service with
pride, honesty, integrity and passion. It’s what makes PNet professionals and
thought leaders in the industry. PNet has the experience, the expertise and the
enthusiasm to help organisations find the right employees, recruitment agents
find the right candidate and job seekers find the right job.

Read moreclose

