

In this section

Virgin Money Privacy Policy

This notice applies to the following Virgin Money Group companies:Virgin Money plc;Virgin Money Personal Financial Service Ltd;Virgin Money Unit Trust Managers Ltd; andVirgin Money Management Services Ltd.All Virgin Money Group companies are registered on the public register of data controllers maintained by the Information Commissioner.


How we collect your information

The information we hold about you comes from the way you engage with us such as in Store, online banking, via the post or over the telephone.We may also obtain information about you from our partner companies as well as credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies.


The type of information we hold

The information we hold may be about yourself (such as name, address and contact details) and financial information (including details of the accounts and products you hold and related payments and transactions).Some information may sensitive information such as health and criminal offences. This information will only be used to provide you with the service you have requested.Where you provide information about other people (such as joint applicants) you must ensure that you have their consent or are otherwise entitled to provide their information to us.


How do we use your information?

When we ask for information from you we will tell you how it might be used for example, to:To assess and process applications;To verify your identity;To prevent fraud and money laundering;To manage your account(s) and communicate with you; andFor audit purposes, research and statistical analysis.For further information about how your information might be used by credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies and ourselves take a look at our Using Your Personal Information document

We will use your contact details to communicate with you to help you manage your account, to fulfil our regulatory obligations (for example notify you of changes to terms and conditions), to remind you about the features and benefits of products you already hold and, with your consent, tell you about other products and services which may be of interest to you – these are called marketing messages and you can change your mind about these communications at any time.


Who we might share your information with?

From time to time we may share your information with other people or organisations (who are also bound to keep it safe and secure) if we have a duty to disclose it, if it is required for the management of your account/s, or law or regulation allows or requires us to do so, for legitimate business purpose. For example we may share it with:Other companies within the Virgin and Virgin Money Group of companiesOur service providers and agents; in some cases, this might include those outside the European Economic Area.Credit reference agencies;Fraud prevention agencies; andRegulators and authorities.


How can you access your information?

For a small administration fee you can access the information we hold about you. You can also ask us to change or delete any personal information previously provided. If we can we will, but sometimes we have to maintain records for legal reasons. If you would like a copy of your information, you can write to the Data Protection Officer at the address below.


How long will we keep your information?

We will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary for the maintenance of your account, or to meet other legal or regulatory requirements.

We may use cookies and similar technologies on our website. Cookies are small text files that may be stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit our website.Cookies do many different things, such as letting you navigate between web pages efficiently and remembering your preferences. For information about cookies and how we use them on this website, visit our cookies page link opens in a new window


How do we tell you about future changes to this policy?

Any changes we make to our policy will be put on our website. Please check for updates from time to time, so you are always fully aware of what information is collected and how it is used.

If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information or would like a copy of the information we hold about you, please write to:The Data Protection Officer, Virgin Money plc, Jubilee House, Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE3 4PL


