

In this section

Virgin Money Privacy Policy

This notice applies to the following Virgin Money Group companies:Virgin Money plc;Virgin Money Personal Financial Service Ltd;Virgin Money Unit Trust Managers Ltd; andVirgin Money Management Services Ltd.All Virgin Money Group companies are registered on the public register of data controllers maintained by the Information Commissioner.


How we collect your information

The information we hold about you comes from the way you engage with us such as in Store, online banking, telephone banking, via the post or our mobile banking application (‘the App’).We may also obtain information about you from our partner companies as well as credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies.


The type of information we hold

The information we hold may be about yourself (such as name, address and contact details) and financial information (including details of the accounts and products you hold and related payments and transactions).We may collect information about the devices you use including internet protocol address (IP address), location, type and operating system.For some products and services you might be asked to provide sensitive information such as health and criminal convictions. This information will only be used to provide you with the service you have requested. There may be other times when you give us sensitive information which we may use, with your consent to help to understand your specific circumstances and make appropriate flexible and sensitive adjustments to the service and support we offer.Where you provide information about other people (such as joint applicants) you must ensure that you have their consent or are otherwise entitled to provide their information to us.


How do we use your information?

When we ask for information from you we will tell you how it might be used, for example, to:Complete pre-eligibility checks;Assess and process applications;Verify your identity;Prevent fraud and money laundering;Provide you with access to the App;Manage your account(s)Communicate with you; andAudit purposes, research and statistical analysis.For more information about how your data may be used by us, credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies you can take a look at our Using Your Personal Information document.

We will use your contact details to communicate with you to help you manage your account, to fulfil our regulatory obligations (for example notify you of changes to terms and conditions), to remind you about the features and benefits of products you already hold and, with your consent, tell you about other products and services which may be of interest to you – these are called marketing messages and you can change your mind about these communications at any time.


Who we might share your information with?

From time to time we may share your information with other people or organisations (who are also bound to keep it safe and secure) if we have a duty to disclose it, if it is required for the management of your account/s, or law or regulation allows or requires us to do so, for legitimate business purpose. For example, we may share it with:Other companies within the Virgin and Virgin Money Group of companies;Our service providers and agents; in some cases, this might include those outside the European Economic Area;Credit reference agencies;Fraud prevention agencies; andRegulators and authorities.We may share your information with our trusted partners as part of your pre-eligibility check or application. We will always let you know before we do this and ask you to confirm you are happy for us to share your information before we do this.


How can you access your information?

You can ask for a copy of your information by writing to the Data Protection Officer at the address below. You can also ask us to change or delete any personal information previously provided. If we can we will, but sometimes we have to maintain records for legal reasons.


How long will we keep your information?

We will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary for the maintenance of your account, or to meet other legal or regulatory requirements.

We may use cookies and similar technologies on our website. We may also use them on the App to authenticate you. Cookies are small text files that may be stored on your computer or mobile device.Cookies do many different things, such as letting you navigate between web pages efficiently and remembering your preferences. For information about cookies and how we use them, visit our cookies page link opens in a new window.


How do we tell you about future changes to this policy?

Any changes we make to our policy will be put on our website. Please check for updates from time to time, so you are always fully aware of what information is collected and how it is used.

If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information or would like a copy of the information we hold about you, please write to:The Data Protection Officer, Virgin Money plc, Jubilee House, Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE3 4PL.


