Notice to Users
Security Notice
This Website is part of a Federal computer system used to accomplish Federal functions. Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) uses software programs to monitor this Website for security purposes to ensure it remains available to all users and to protect information in the system. By accessing this Website, you are expressly consenting to these monitoring activities.
Unauthorized attempts to defeat or circumvent security features, to use the system for other than intended purposes, to deny service to authorized users, to access, obtain, alter, damage, or destroy information, or otherwise to interfere with the system or its operation is prohibited. Evidence of such acts may be disclosed to law enforcement authorities and result in criminal prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996, codified at section 1030 of Title 18 of the United States Code, or other applicable criminal laws.
Disclaimers
Disclaimer of Liability
With respect to documents available from this server, neither the U.S. government nor the Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC, nor any of their employees, makes any warranty, express or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, or assumes any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the U.S. government or the Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of the U.S. government or the Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC, and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.
Copyright Status
LLNL-authored documents including, but not limited to, articles, photographs, drawings, and other information subsisting in text, images, and/or other media, are sponsored by the U.S. Department of Energy under Contract DE-AC52-07NA27344. Accordingly, the U.S. government retains a nonexclusive, royalty-free license to publish or reproduce these documents, or allow others to do so, for U.S. government purposes. All documents available from this server may be protected under the U.S. and Foreign Copyright Laws. Permission to reproduce may be required.
LLNL is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages referenced.
Privacy Notice
LLNL utilizes web measurement technology in order to improve this website and provide a better user experience for customers. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) classifies this as a Tier 2 usage, since LLNL is utilizing a multi-session web measurement technology that does not collect any personally identifiable information (PII).  This technology anonymously tracks how visitors interact with llnl.gov, including where they came from, what they did on the site, and whether they completed any pre-determined tasks while on the site.
This website uses Piwik open analytics technology to collect information used to optimize this website; help determine top tasks, improve user interface and diversify content offerings to meet the needs of customers. No personally identifiable information is collected, so the anonymity of the end user is protected.  The measurement data that is collected is only retained for as long as is needed for proper analysis and optimization of the website and is not shared with anyone beyond the support staff to this website, except when required by law enforcement investigation.
Since disabling this web measurement technology requires modifying individual browser settings, it is enabled by default. If you wish to opt-out, you can read step-by-step instructions for changing your settings. In addition, Piwik provides a mechanism that allows you to opt-out of all Piwik analytics measurements.
Comments Sent by E-Mail
You may choose to provide personal information, as in an email message containing your comments or questions. This information is used to improve service to you or to respond to your request. There are times when your message is forwarded, as email, to other LLNL employees who may be better able to help you. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, LLNL does not share email with any other outside organizations.
