

Introduction
Purpose for the collection of personal information
Disclosure of personal information to third parties
Protection of your personal information
Access to your personal information
Cookies
Commitment to privacy

Protecting your privacy is important to Betomall Ltd (“the Company”). We have notified the Commissioner of Data Protection about the processing of data in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act (Chapter 440 of the Laws of Malta).
We endeavour to keep your personal information protected at all times by implementing adequate technical and organizational controls.
Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your personal information, as your use of our services will indicate your acceptance of its content. 
We collect and use your personal information to satisfy legal and regulatory requirements; for historical and statistical purposes; for security and control; to provide you with our services; and, to make more of such services available to you in the future.  From time to time, we may also use your personal information to contact you by mail, email, telephone or mobile phone to introduce you to our products or any events, activities, projects, plans, developments, undertakings and special offers taking place, being promoted or supported by the Company.
By supplying us with your information you confirm that you do not consider use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy to be a breach of your rights under the Data Protection Act (Chapter 440 of the Laws of Malta).
We encourage you to contact us at any time and remind you of your right to opt out at any time from receiving any promotional or marketing materials from us. 
As a policy the Company will not disclose any personal information to anyone other than those employees that need access to your data to provide you with a service.
We may, however, be required by law or legal process to disclose your personal information to authorities such as the local Lotteries and Gaming Authority. 
The Company safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. For transmission of sensitive data SSL encryption is used on our website and to communicate with our payment processor. Please note that we cannot guarantee that any data transmitted over the Internet is completely secure. Accordingly, we encourage you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet.
You always have a right of access to the information we have about you. To review and update your personal contact information, simply login to our website with your Username and Password and through the My Account page you may change your information. If you prefer you may contact our Customer support staff using the contact details available on the site. Additionally, you have the right to have any inaccurate information corrected and where applicable, erased. 
It is our right to ask you to provide us with a written request for information we hold about you.
Our website uses cookies to track visitors to our website. Any visitor to Betomall’s website will receive a cookie on their computer. This is a harmless packet which is used for web analytics purposes only.
A session cookie is used for actual players when they login to Betomall’s system to be able to track them through the website. When the session is ended the cookie is removed from the workstation.
To make sure your personal information remains confidential; we communicate these privacy guidelines to every employee of the Company.  
The Company’s website may, from time to time, contain links to other sites. The Company does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of any such company.
If we are going to use your personal information differently from that stated at the time of collection, we will inform you accordingly.
The Company’s Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. It is in your interest to review the privacy policy regularly for any changes. 

References: Data Protection Act 2001
            Legal Notice 16 of 2003


