





Last Revised
: May 21
th
, 2018






INTRODUCTION


Sync.Me (“we”, "us" or the "Company") is firmly committed to ensure that the personal information that users (“user” or “you”) share with us and with other users in our community in connection with the use of our mobile application and/or by accessing our website (collectively the "Service") is safeguarded and protected. 


Our Service is primarily designed to empower consumers to make informed decisions and deter illegal and fraudulent calling activities. We are dedicated to ensure that our activity is firmly grounded upon a legitimate interest, and that the privacy expectations of consumers are carefully weighed and reasonably balanced against such legitimate purposes.


Our Service plays a key role in enhancing connectivity and thwarting intrusive and fraudulent calls, by introducing a variety of smart features that empower consumers to make informed decisions and reducing the risks of the user community from being targeted by malicious or misleading activities, including:



Reporting and blocking spam
: our users can choose to report and block numbers to be added to their personal spam call list, and potentially a regional spam call list. In the event a certain number was reported as spam by a certain number of users, other users will be notified if they receive a call from that same number.


Live Caller ID and Spam detection
: our Live Caller ID displays the name of the caller before the consumer answers the call, and flags if the number was reported as spam.


Number search (reverse lookup)
: individuals, including those who are not registered users with Sync.ME, may manually search a number on Sync.ME's web-based platform in order to ascertain the identity of the caller and whether a number is spam.



The contact information collected by Sync.ME is used solely to empower individuals to identify incoming calls from unknown sources, identify unknown numbers through the use of reverse numeric lookup, as well as to report and block fraudulent, intrusive or inappropriate calls. We designed our features to better respond to deceptive and abusive practices aided by anonymity, both in telemarketing as well as in other abusive or deceptive practices (such as abusive calls).


Our goal is to promote consumers' privacy by allowing them to know who is calling them, as well as promoting accountability throughout the industry
.






HOW TO OPT OUT?
 If you would like to remove your Personal Information from our Service, you may do so by visiting this link: 

https://sync.me/optout/

.






THIS PRIVACY POLICY


This Privacy Policy outlines our practices with respect to the information we may collect from you when you use the Service, the manners in which we may use such information and the choices that available for you.


By accessing, downloading or using our Service, you expressly consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy, and to the collection, use and disclosure of your information, including personal information (as specified below), in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy. If you disagree to any term provided herein, please do not install or use the Service.


In addition to this policy, please also review our 
Terms of Use
, which this Privacy Policy in incorporated thereto by reference, along with such other policies of which you may be notified of by us from time to time.


The definitions in our Terms of Use apply to this Privacy Policy unless stated otherwise.


This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals whom we do not employ or manage, including any of the third parties to which we may disclose information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.


In our Privacy Policy you will learn about:






WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?


We collect certain information which is identifies an individual or may with reasonable effort identify an individual (“
Personal Information
”). In addition, we treat information which is specifically connected or linked to any Personal Information – as long as such connection or linkage exists – as Personal Information.


The Personal Information we collect includes the following:



When you decide to register with our Service, or when you decide to access or use our Service, you will be requested to provide your full name your phone number and your email address. To complete the registration, we may contact you with the number your provided us (via inbound call or SMS) in order to authenticate your identity and prevent fraud.


If you decided to provide us your social network identifier (e.g. Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn, VK, etc.), you hereby warrant that the Company may retrieve and use information accessible or stored in such service related to your profile or your contacts (e.g. social identifier, profile link, profile image, name and emails; collectively “
Social Data
”) to integrate and synchronize such information with your information and your contacts' information, to enhance and our users' experience and update your information and your contacts' information. We will retrieve such information in accordance with the security restrictions and applicable permissions of the respected Approved Platform. We do not store or process password or security related information.


If you voluntarily access or use the "Sync.Me search" feature you will be asked to provide the names, phone numbers, email addresses and Social Data about your contacts as contained in your device phonebook directory, in order to enhance your searchable directory, for synchronization and to allow us to recommend you people you may know within our community. 


Any other information stored on your device phonebook directory (e.g. physical address) will be filtered and not be stored or used by us. This information will be aggregated on our directory and allow you to perform numeric search and identify incoming calls against this directory, which contains the contacts' information of users who permitted the aggregation of this information.


Your approximate geolocation (via Wi-Fi or cellular technology in your device).


Internet protocol (IP) address and other unique device identifiers.



We collect certain information pertaining to a user, which may be made available or gathered via the user's use of the Service (“
Non-personal Information
”). We are not aware of the identity of the user from which the Non-personal Information was collected. Non-personal Information which is being collected consists of technical information transmitted by your device and aggregated usage information, and contains certain software and hardware information about your device, the referring page that linked you to our Service, including the type of browser and operating system your device uses, operator, language preference, access time, and the domain name of the website from which you linked or registered to the Service.






HOW WE MAY COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION?



We collect information submitted directly by you, or information transmitted automatically from your device using various standard technologies, such as cookies, digital identifiers, log files, web beacons or other similar technologies.


Our Service may automatically send cookies to your system. The Company may store information which correlates with those cookies, and designed to improve and optimize the Service.



You may block and remove our cookies through your browser and operating system, but this may impair and hinder the Service functionality and availability.



The Company may use logs and cookie information to improve quality and design of the Service, including without limitation, saving you the trouble of re-entering data, and quarries, personalize and customize the Service, track your use of the Service and generate statistics regarding the Service.







What is a "cookie"?



When you use our Service we may assign your device with a log file or a cookie (session or persistent). A "cookie" is a small piece of information that a website assign to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a web site. Cookies are very helpful and can be used for various different purposes. These purposes include allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, enable automatic activation of certain features, remembering your preferences and making the interaction between you and the Service quicker and easier. Cookies are also used to help ensure that the advertisements you see are relevant to you and your interests. You can find more information about cookies at 

www.allaboutcookies.org

. You may remove our cookies by following the instructions of your browser preferences; however, if you choose to disable cookies, some features of our Service may not operate properly and your online experience may be limited.







What are we using it for?



We use cookies, log files, web beacons and other technologies to collect Non-Personal Information with respect to your activity on our Service and track your use of our Service, your type of browser, pages you visited, the time and date of your visits or the links you click on.


We may also allow third parties, e.g. service providers (i.e. third parties that perform services on our behalf; e.g. customer service, marketing assistance, analytics, ad tracking, service functionality and support, surveys, etc.), ad networks and advertising companies, to display advertisements on our Service. These parties may also use the technologies stated above to collect information about our users. We do not provide any Personal Information to third parties, unless indicated otherwise in our Privacy Policy.







HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?



To allow you to automatically identify incoming calls or to perform a manual numeric search (Caller ID), to enable you to use our Sync.ME Search feature, to enable you to block phone numbers or report phone numbers as SPAM, to integrate and update information relating to you and your contacts with the information stored on your social platform, and to fulfill your request for providing, maintaining and improving the Service (including other features);


We also use your Personal Information when using our Name Tag feature – when sufficient number of users indicated that the phone number is associated with the same name, the name and phone number will be included in our directory.


To respond to your inquiries, support request, feedbacks or questions, and update you with information pertaining to your request, and respond to claims that any content available through the Service violates the rights of third-parties;


To enhance and personalize your experience and customize the advertising content we display;


To communicate with you (via email, mobile device, etc.) and to authenticate your identity;


To resolve disputes and enforce our policies, including investigation of potential violations thereof, or in accordance with any applicable law or regulation, or for the purpose of law enforcement;


To perform research, technical diagnostics, analytics or statistical purposes;


To provide you with the most relevant additional services and offers;


To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;


Direct marketing purposes – we may use the contact details you provided us to send you promotional offers; you may withdraw your consent via sending a written notice to us by email to the following address: 

support@sync.me

 or on the same manner as the advertising was transmitted to you (e.g. via phone text message). 







WITH WHOM WE SHARE THE INFORMATION, AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE?



Users


We share your information, including Personal Information, with other users in our community. Your name will be displayed in an incoming call to other users or in a numeric search of your phone number (Caller ID). 


Your profile information, including information derived from your social network, will be available to other users in accordance with your private settings.


Your phone number will not be visible to other users, unless it was publicly available or if you decided to share it explicitly.


If you have activated the Sync.ME Search feature than your contacts' details (full names, phone numbers and email addresses) will be aggregated in our directory and available to other users registered with this feature, in an incoming call or in a numeric search.


If you decided to report a phone number as SPAM it may be included in our public SPAM directory, available to the users in our community.




Service Providers


We share your information, including Personal Information, with our affiliated companies and our third party professional service providers, who are allowed to use the information only for the purposes of providing the Service to you, or with our affiliated companies and business partners for performing services for us (e.g. customer service, marketing assistance, technical support, analytics, etc.).


The information will be disclosed only to the extent required to perform the purposes as stipulated herein.


You hereby warrant and consent that your Personal Information may be transmitted, used or stored with our authorized third parties, for the purposes disclosed herein, which are located across the world.




Other Disclosures


We share your information, including Personal Information, in the event that we are required by law enforcement or other governmental agency; in response to a subpoena, warrant or an investigative demand, or a court order, or with respect to any legal process; in order to enforce intellectual property rights or to exercise other legal rights; to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims;  if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing, safety of person or property, violation of our policies, to enforce our policies or as otherwise required in order to comply with the applicable laws and regulations. In such circumstances, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.




Affiliates and corporate transaction


We may share Information, including Personal Information, with our parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or other companies under a common control (collectively "affiliated companies"). We may share Information, including Personal Information, in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g. sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, consolidation or asset sale).


In the event of the above, our affiliated companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.




Aggregated Information


Non-Personal Information, aggregated information or Personal Information in non-human readable form (de-identified) may be shared with third parties (including ad networks, advertising companies and service providers) in any of the above circumstances, as well as for the purpose of developing or delivering tailored or targeted advertising (whether via our Service or websites), or for the purpose of improving our Service, conducting business analysis or other business purposes. This information may be combined with information we collect from other sources, to the extent that the information remains Non-Personal Information.




Third party collection of information


Our policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties via our Service (whether our website or application; e.g. by clicking on a link to any other website or location or by providing information via API) or via other sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. We prompt you to review the privacy policies of those sites before providing your Personal Information to them.







TRANSSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION


Please note that our businesses, as well as our trusted partners and service providers, are located around the world. Any information that we collect (including your Personal Information) is stored and processed in various jurisdictions around the world (including in the United States), for the purposes detailed in this Privacy Policy. 


We use best efforts to ensure that your Personal Information is protected in accordance with our privacy policy, through contractual means (such as by using the contractual clauses approved by the relevant regulators for data transfer) or other means (such as ensuring that the jurisdiction imposes adequate safeguards for data protection).






FOR HOW LONG WE RETAIN THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?


If your Personal Information was directly volunteered to us, either by yourself or by another User, we will retain such information unless we were instructed by you to delete it. You may approach us at any time with a request to delete your Personal Information, by sending us an email at: 

support@sync.me

.


If you would like to remove your Personal Information from our Service, you may do so by visiting this link: 

https://sync.me/optout/

.


Please note that unless you instruct us otherwise we retain the information we collect (including your Personal Information) for as long as needed to provide the Service and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.






USER RIGHTS


To remove your name and/or phone number, you must deactivate your account by your user settings.  To remove or change your profile information you must change them by your user settings.


To remove information you provided about your contacts using the Sync.ME Search you must disable the Sync.ME Search feature.


If you are not a user and wish to remove any information related to you, you can notify us by sending an email to: 

support@sync.me

 or by visiting this link: 

https://sync.me/optout/

.


You may contact us at any time at 

support@sync.me

, and request:



To access your Personal Information and receive supplementary information regarding your Personal Information;


The deletion of your Personal Information; you may so in an easy manner through our opt-out page, available here: 

https://sync.me/optout/

;


To change or update any Personal Information relating to you (for example, if you believe that your personal information is incorrect, you may ask to have it corrected;


That we will restrict or cease any further use of your Personal Information;


That we will provide the Personal Information you volunteered us in a machine-readable format.



Please note that these rights are not absolute and requests are subject to any applicable legal requirements, including legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations.


If you have any general questions about the Personal Information that we collect about you how we use it, please contact us at 

support@sync.me

.






CHILDREN'S INFORMATION


Our Service is not intended for minors below the age of 16 years or otherwise below the legal age for providing consent that is not subject to authorization by the holder of parental responsibility, in accordance with the laws in the jurisdiction your reside (“
Age of Consent
”), and we will not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we become aware that a user is under the age of Age of Consent, we will remove their information from our files. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that children are not using the Service.






HOW DO WE SAFEGUARD YOUR INFORMATION?


We take great care in implementing and maintaining the security of the Service and your information. We employ industry standard procedures and policies to ensure the safety of our users’ information, and prevent unauthorized use of any such information. Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or abuse our Service, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access.


If you feel that your privacy was treated not in accordance with our policy, or if any person attempted to abuse our service or acted in an inappropriate manner, please contact us directly at 

support@sync.me

 and our privacy officer shall investigate promptly.






UPDATES OR AMENDMENTS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY


We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. We will provide notice of substantial changes of this Privacy Policy on the Service and/or we will send you an e-mail regarding such changes to the e-mail address that you volunteered. Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on any of the above mentioned methods. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date, and your continued use of the Service after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.






HOW TO CONTACT US


If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are welcome to send our Data Protection Officer here: 

support@sync.me

 or through the following contact details: 


Attn: Data Protection Officer


Sync.Me Technologies Ltd.


3076 Sir Francis Drake’s Highway, P.O. Box 3463, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands






We will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe. Please feel free to reach out to us at any time. 






