The Dart Center is committed to protecting your privacy. We do not currently collect personally identifiable information, except in specific instances, such as signing up for our e-mail list. If you choose to provide such information, that information will not be used for purposes other than that for which it was collected. The Dart Center will not sell or transfer your e-mail address or use it for anything other than communications from the Dart Center, and will never do so without your explicit permission.
Like most Web sites, the Dart Center does collect non-personal information, such as IP addresses of visitors and data about the usage of pages. This information is used to help us evaluate and improve the site, and understand what our readers are looking for when they visit the Dart Center website. We may also disclose aggregated non-personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.
Comments Policy
All comments offered in the spirit of civil conversation are welcome on the Dart Center website. Commercial spam, obscenity and other rude behavior are not and will be removed. We are also required to remove any express or implied statement endorsing or opposing any political party or candidate for political office. Comments require a valid email address.
The Dart Center reserves the right to edit or delete your comment posting, or to permanently remove your ability as commenter/user, if you violate one of these rules:
Comments made with an email address at which the user associated with it does receive email; 
Comments that violate local, state, or federal laws, promote commercial products or services, impersonate another person or entity, or solicit or encourage illegal activity;
Comments that libel or defame any other individual or party;
Comments that are abusive, that threaten or harass another individual, are overly antagonistic, deliberately inflammatory, or ad hominem in nature.
Comments that contain excessive punctuation or capitalization designed solely to pump up the volume of a post.
Comments which the Dart Center or parties contracted by the Dart Center deem to be otherwise objectionable, inappropriate or offensive.
Email Policy
We use your email address for administrative purposes (such as notifying you of changes to the Site or customer service). We may also use your email address to contact you about new products or upcoming events, and to send you newsletters or other editorial content, donation appeals, and sponsored messages with offers from other organizations. If you make a donation, we may use your email address to send you occasional messages about our projects or ways that you can support the Dart Center. 
In order to send you some of these communications, we may provide your email address to Campaign Monitor, which will then be subject to Campaign Monitor's Privacy Policy You may opt out of receiving these communications by contacting us at the postal address below with your request, along with your full name, address, and email address. In addition, electronic messages to you will provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving similar messages in the future.
Legal Disclaimer
By using the comments feature on the Dart Center website or otherwise using this site, you agree that you will not post or otherwise distribute any content that is offensive, obscene, defamatory, unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, or deceptive. You also agree that you will not impersonate any other person, and that you will not display or distribute copyrighted material without the express permission of the copyright owner (except as otherwise allowed by law), or infringe any patent, trademark, or other proprietary right of any person.
To the extent that users express points of view about a political candidate or any other matter, the views expressed are solely those of the user.