The Dart Center for Journalism and Trauma, a project of Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, is committed to protecting your privacy. We do not currently collect personally identifiable information from website visitors, except in specific voluntary instances, such as signing up for our e-mail list or applying for programs and awards. If you choose to provide such information, that information will not be used for purposes other than that for which it was collected. The Dart Center will not sell or transfer your e-mail address or use it for anything other than communications from the Dart Center, and will never do so without your explicit permission.
Like most websites, the Dart Center for Journalism and Trauma does collect information, such as IP addresses of visitors and data about the usage of pages. This information is used to help us evaluate and improve the site, and to understand what our readers are looking for when they visit the Dart Center website.
We may update this Policy from time to time without notice to you, so please check it regularly. The Dart Center for Journalism and Trauma is also guided by the privacy policy of Columbia University.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy please contact webeditor@dartcenter.org. 
Email Policy
We use your email address for administrative purposes (such as notifying you of changes to our website or customer service). We may also use your email address to contact you about new products, programs or upcoming events, and to send you newsletters or other editorial content, donation appeals, and pertinent messages from Dart Center partner organizations. If you make a donation, we may use your email address to send you occasional messages about our projects or ways that you can support the Dart Center. 
In order to send you some of these communications, we may provide your email address to Campaign Monitor, which will then be subject to Campaign Monitor's Privacy Policy. Per this policy, Campaign Monitor will not share any personally identifying information provided by the Dart Center with any third party, except where required by law. You may opt out of receiving these communications by emailing us at webeditor@dartcenter.org with your request, along with your full name, address, and email address. In addition, electronic messages to you will provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving similar messages in the future.
Certain pages and features on the Dart Center website may link or redirect to external organizations, educational institutions or merchants. Please be aware that this privacy policy is limited to pages hosted by the Dart Center only. Any external pages or links are the responsibility of the parties hosting them. 
Cookies Policy
What is a “Cookie?”
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to be stored on a web browser so that it can be read back later from that browser. The cookie is a text file saved in the browser's directory and stored in RAM while the browser is running. The cookie may also be stored on the computer's hard drive once a user logs off from that website or web server.
How We Use Cookies?
The Dart Center and authorized third-party service providers collect information about users’ activities and experiences while visiting our website. Examples of tools that collect such information include but are not exclusive to: browser cookies, web beacons, flash cookies, tracking pixels and similar technologies.
The Dart Center uses data gathered about website activity (e.g., demographic data, browser type, IP address, pages visited, the day and time of visit) to recognize new visitors to our website, recognize past users, better understand the interests of our users and our website visitors, and improve our website to enhance visitors’ experience.
Managing Cookies
Cookies can be managed through browser settings. To learn more about how to do this, refer to the support instructions for each browser you use (Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer). Be aware that disabling or deleting cookies can impact your ability to use certain features of this website. If you intend to disable or delete cookies, repeat this process for each browser and computer you use. Note that cookies used by Adobe Flash cannot be controlled through browser settings.
The Dart Center will treat any personally identifiable information that is collected on this website in a secure manner.  
Comments Policy
Comments offered in the spirit of pertinent, civil conversation are welcome on the Dart Center website. Commercial spam, obscenity and other rude behavior are not, and will be removed. We are also required to remove any express or implied statement endorsing or opposing any political party or candidate for political office. Comments require a valid email address.
The Dart Center reserves the right to edit or delete your comment posting, or to permanently remove your ability as commenter/user, if you violate one of these rules:
Comments made with an email address at which the user associated with it does receive email; 
Comments that violate local, state, or federal laws, promote commercial products or services, impersonate another person or entity, or solicit or encourage illegal activity;
Comments that libel or defame any other individual or party;
Comments that are abusive, that threaten or harass another individual, are overly antagonistic, deliberately inflammatory, or ad hominem in nature;
Comments that contain excessive punctuation or capitalization designed solely to pump up the volume of a post;
Comments which the Dart Center or parties contracted by the Dart Center deem to be otherwise objectionable, inappropriate or offensive. 
Legal Disclaimer
By using the comments feature on the Dart Center for Journalism and Trauma website or otherwise using this site, you agree that you will not post or otherwise distribute any content that is offensive, obscene, defamatory, unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, or deceptive. You also agree that you will not impersonate any other person, and that you will not display or distribute copyrighted material without the express permission of the copyright owner (except as otherwise allowed by law), or infringe any patent, trademark, or other proprietary right of any person.
To the extent that users express points of view about a political candidate or any other matter, the views expressed are solely those of the user.
Copyright, Restrictions on Use of Materials
The contents of this website are protected by copyright and trademark laws.
Copyright © 2018 by The Trustees of Columbia University in the City of New York All rights reserved.