
We are making some changes to our General Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Statement as from 20 October 2016.
From 20 October 2016, we will place the Privacy Statement here and in our General Terms and Conditions with the new Westpac Privacy Policy which is now available online here or at any Westpac branch;
Commitment to website privacy and responsible use of information
At Westpac, we are committed to ensuring the privacy of your information. We understand as a user of Westpac's websites (including internet banking services) and social media sites ("Westpac Properties"), how important the privacy of your personal information is to you.
The following privacy statement has been developed in recognition that Internet technologies, and specifically Westpac's application of these, are rapidly evolving. This privacy statement addresses privacy issues relevant to Westpac's Properties.
Should we change our privacy statement for any reason, such changes will always be posted to this page. If you have any further questions relating to this privacy statement, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Information we collect
We may gather three types of information about the users of Westpac Properties:
Personal information provided voluntarily when you complete an online form, enter a competition, complete a survey, make a request for service, engage in a live web chat, or otherwise input text or values into Westpac's Properties. For example: name, mailing address, phone number, email address, user name, date of birth, contact preferences, activity logs specific to our internet banking systems, or when you share content from a Westpac managed Facebook app.
Technical information that identifies the computers or devices you use to access Westpac's Properties and the manner by which you use them.For example: IP address; cookie, device, browser, & operating system identifiers, and location information provided when you connect to Westpac Properties.
Usage information regarding your activities on our Westpac Properties.For example: the date and time of visits, the pages visited, and interactions with tools, calculators & advertising. 
How we use this information
We may use the information we collect (including your personal information) in the following ways:
to complete a request for service, such as processing your online application for a product, or to reply to your enquiries.
to provide, personalise, and improve your experience with Westpac's Properties. For example providing customised or localised content and advertising that is relevant to you. (Please see the "Cookies" section below for the personalisation options available to you.)
to measure the interest in various areas of our Westpac Properties at an aggregated level in order to evaluate our performance and improve the functionality of our Westpac Properties.
in the event of a fraud, dispute, or other extraordinary circumstances, activity logs specific to our internet banking systems and IP address information may be analysed for troubleshooting purposes. If we come across a suspicious looking transaction, we will investigate it to ensure there is no breach of security. Occasionally, this may involve one of our staff members contacting you to verify a transaction.
Information disclosure
We may release information about you when required to, or permitted by law.
We may also disclose information where you have authorised us to, or where disclosure is connected to the purpose for which it was collected - e.g. online applications. You have the right to access and correct this information subject to the provisions of the Privacy Act 1993. A fee may be charged.
We will not however, use your personal information for any purpose that is not related to Westpac's products or services, or for any purpose for which you would not reasonably expect us to use the information. For example, your information may be used by Westpac and its related companies, to enable us to offer you other products and services that may enhance your relationship with us. It's your decision whether you take up these offers.
We may share the information we gather in an anonymous form, e.g. survey or tracking information, with advertisers and other partners. However, we will not sell or disclose personal information about you as an individual to any third party or entity outside Westpac, or its related companies, for marketing purposes.
Why is Westpac required to identify certain US persons?
In New Zealand, all financial institutions have an obligation to provide the Inland Revenue Department (IRD) with information about their US customers.  The IRD will provide the US Inland Revenue Service (IRS) with regular reports on US persons who have financial accounts in New Zealand.
If you are a US person you may be required to notify us of your US citizenship and/or residency status when opening a new account.
If information in our possession suggests you are a US person, we may contact you for further information.
If you have any questions about the privacy law please visit the Office of the Privacy Commissioner website here.
 If you have any questions about FATCA, please contact our FATCA Operations Team on:
Phone (within NZ): 0800 4 FATCA (32822) 9am - 5pm, 5 days a week
Phone (from overseas): 0064 9 352 2437 (international toll charges apply)
Email: FATCA@westpac.co.nz
Post: Westpac, FATCA Operations, P.O. Box 934, Shortland St, Auckland, 1140, New Zealand
Fax: 09 366 0831
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information which can be stored on your hard drive (persistent cookies) or in memory (session cookies). The cookies we send to your PC cannot read your hard drive or command your computer to perform any action.
We use two types of cookies:
Persistent cookies - used to identify and provide personalised features such as choosing which page you would like to make your Westpac start page, to deliver ads that are relevant to you, as part of our Online Guardian Challenge service, and for tracking traffic patterns to and from our Westpac Properties.
Session cookies - used as an integral part of the identification process for our internet banking service. This is for security purposes to determine that you are who you say you are and to provide you with your confidential account information during an internet banking session. No personal information is kept in the cookie and the cookie is not written to your hard drive. When you log out of your internet banking session the cookie is no longer valid and is discarded when you close your browser.
Google Analytics
Westpac uses Google Analytics website measurement software to help measure traffic patterns to, from, and within our public websites. Note: we do not include this measurement software on any secure site internet banking screens. The services are used to anonymously aggregate website statistics, such as number of page views, the number of unique visitors, time spent on our websites, when visitors browse, and common entry and exit points into and from our websites. On occasion, random short surveys may also be used to collect further information about our users - participation in these surveys will be entirely voluntary.
All information is aggregated by Google Analytics and provided to us to help us better understand usage of our public websites - no individual visitors are identified. Google Analytics has been adopted as an accepted interactive measurement standard amongst major Internet sites.
For further information about Google Analytics click here, and for details of Google's Privacy Policy click here.
How does Google Analytics work?
All our public website pages are coded with a small piece of Google Analytics code that is transparent to you when you read that page. These pieces of code store cookies in your browser (if you have cookies enabled) which contain unique identifiers to allow us to track the number of unique visitors to our websites. This information is collected and aggregated by Google Analytics and in no way can you be identified personally and no personal information is stored about you.
The Google Analytics code is not included on any of our secure internet banking screens.
Online Advertising
Westpac uses third party vendors, including Google, to display advertising on websites across the internet. These third party vendors may also use cookies to anonymously track and target advertising based on your browsing behaviour. For further information and details of how you can opt out of these third party cookies via the Network Advertising Initiative, click here.
When you provide information
When submitting an online form relating to a Westpac product or service, we will request specific personal information such as your name and address, title, existing bank relationship, your email address and a contact phone number. This information is necessary in order for us to action your request, and so that we can contact you if needed on issues relating directly to the product or service. Where confidential information is included in the form, we will use encryption to ensure that the information you send to us across the Internet is secure.
As part of our internet banking registration process, we invite you to provide additional information, namely your email address, marketing email preferences, and a name with which you would like to be greeted during future internet banking sessions. Providing this information is optional for you, and you can change or remove these details at any time via a permanent link in our internet banking navigation bar.
Web Chat
Westpac may offer a live web chat service to visitors of our Westpac website. These invitations are optional for the visitor. If a visitor engages in a live web chat, the complete conversation between the Westpac chat agent and the visitor (including any information provided by the visitor) will be recorded. The information is collected for the purpose of evaluating and improving our customer service and as a reference for any queries from a visitor about their particular web chat.
Information collected through web chat will be held overseas by our third party service provider. The third party service provider meets Westpac's security requirements and they do not have any rights to use the information. Westpac has the ability to access this information.
Email address
If you are a registered customer for internet banking, we may use your email address to advise you of any upgrades or changes to this service, and if necessary to contact you with important information about any accounts or services you have with us that require your urgent attention.
You may choose to receive by email promotional messages, surveys, special offers or information about product and services from Westpac that are relevant to you. You can select to receive these email communications via the Name and email preferences feature within internet banking.
Security of captured data
To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy and ensure appropriate use of any customer information collected, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial processes to protect the information we collect via our Westpac Properties.
For example, when capturing customer information through our internet banking services, it is passed through a secure Westpac server using encryption technology to ensure that this information is protected when being sent over the Internet.
Additionally, all stored customer information is protected from unauthorised access through the use of secure passwords, user log-ons and other security procedures.
Westpac will delete any personal information when it is no longer required for the purpose for which it was collected.
Additional information
Products referred to on the Westpac Properties are only offered to people in New Zealand.
The information appearing on Westpac Properties is for preliminary and general information only and is not to be relied on as being complete, accurate and up-to-date, and it is subject to change. Full details of up-to-date terms and conditions, product information, charges and interest rates are available from any Westpac branch in New Zealand.
You can get a copy of the current disclosure statement for Westpac New Zealand Limited and a copy of any applicable investment statement or term sheet for your investment from any Westpac branch in New Zealand free of charge.
All applications for finance are subject to Westpac's applicable lending criteria.
Westpac shall not be responsible for the content of any other site accessed via the Westpac Properties. Links to other sites are provided for convenience only and do not represent any endorsement by Westpac of products offered by the site owner. Westpac New Zealand Limited.
5th December 2013
Back to top

