
21 September 2018We’re updating our General Terms and Conditions.We’re continuing our process of simplifying our products and services to make them easier for you to use.From Monday 8 October 2018 we’re making a change to our General Terms and Conditions. This change explains the process around when we would be able to move you onto a new account.If there is a reason to move you, we will always contact you in advance to explain why and outline the details of the product or service we have selected for you. You will then have the opportunity to discuss this change and other options with us, prior to any move taking place.The reasons we may move you are when:a product or service is no longer available, or
you are no longer eligible for a product or service, or
you’re current product might be adversely affecting you
We are also updating the Electronic Banking Terms to better reflect our current electronic banking functionality.Want to know more?Visit the updated General Terms and Conditions now before they come into effect.14 September 2018As part of our ongoing process to simplify our products and making them easier to use, we are making some new improvements.From 28 September 2018, we are changing the name of the Notice Saver PIE account to Notice Saver and making some changes to the terms and conditions that apply to the Westpac Notice Saver PIE Fund (“Fund”). These are set out in the Westpac Notice Saver PIE Fund Term Sheet.The key changes to the Term Sheet are:
Customers will be able to make withdrawals from their Fund account to any New Zealand bank account.


When customers submit a withdrawal notice, they will no longer receive a lower rate of return on the withdrawal amount.


In some instances we may not be able to meet the aim to offer returns that are higher than that for a term deposit. The term sheet has been amended to reflect this.


There will no longer be a minimum investment amount. However, if a customer’s account balance is $0 (being 0 units), they will not have an interest in the Fund.


When opening an account, the customer and any joint investor must notify us of their IRD number.

Please refer to the updated Westpac Notice Saver PIE Fund Term Sheet for further information.31 August 2018Changes to when you exchange your foreign cash – International Service Fee Effective 15th September 2018, the foreign cash buy fee will be charged. This fee will be $5.00 and is applicable when the bank purchase your foreign cash. Please refer to the Transaction and Service Fees brochure or the Business Service and Transaction Fees brochure regarding specific fees for each account.7 August 2018The Westpac One iOS App Terms and Conditions are changing, effective from App Version 11.2. The changes will relate to the use of biometrics to login to the application.8 July 2018From 25 July 2018, we’re changing some of our credit card and lending fees.This includes reducing the annual fee of the Low Rate Mastercard® to $25.00 (paid in two six month instalments of $12.50).We’re also lowering the personal loan establishment fee from $250 to $100, and removing ATM fees for credit card cash advance withdrawals made at any New Zealand ATM.You can see all the fee changes below.
Fee


Current Fee


New Fee


Personal Loan establishment fee


$250


$100


Loan payment fail fee


$25


$10


Cash Advance fee (Westpac NZ ATM)


$2


$0


Cash Advance fee (Other NZ Bank ATM)


$2


$0


Cash Advance fee (Via overseas branch or non Global Alliance ATM)


$3


$2


Credit Card over limit fee


$3


$1


Credit Card late payment fee


$12


$8


Replacement card fee


$15


$10


Low Rate Mastercard annual account fee


$65
(Charged 6 monthly at $32.50)


$25
(Charged 6 monthly at $12.50)


Low Rate Mastercard joint card fee


$15 p.a.


$5 p.a.


Low Rate Mastercard additional card fee


$15 p.a.


$5 p.a.

 Westpac Loan Cover and Westpac FlexicoverWe no longer offer Westpac Loan Cover (personal loan insurance) and Westpac Flexicover (home loan insurance).Effective from 30 June 2018, Westpac Life -NZ- Limited will no longer offer Westpac Loan Cover and Flexicover insurance. All existing Westpac Loan Cover and Flexicover policies are not affected by this change. However, should you restructure your loan, your policy may be cancelled.28 May 2018We’re simplifying our transaction accounts, and changing some of the features of the Electronic Account.From 12 June 2018, we’ll be changing the name of our ‘Electronic’ transaction account to the ‘Westpac Everyday‘ account, and the ‘Access’ and ‘Earner’ transaction accounts will no longer be available as a new account option.Our customers who currently have Access and Earner accounts will not be affected, and their accounts will continue to operate as usual.Changes to the Electronic account, renamed the Westpac Everyday accountThe monthly account maintenance fee of $3.50 – currently waived for customers who choose to receive statements electronically – will be removed.
If you choose to receive paperstatements you’ll now be charged a $1.50 paperstatement fee instead of the current monthly account maintenance fee. Receiving your statements electronically will continue to be free.
The manual transaction fee of $3.00 per transaction – which covered manual deposits and manual withdrawals – will be replaced by a manual withdrawal fee of $2.50 per transaction. Manual withdrawals include cheques written and withdrawals over the counter. Manual deposits will be free. The manual withdrawal fee is capped at a maximum of $5.00 per month, per account.
Anyone 65 years or older will now be eligible for a fee exemption on their Westpac Everyday accounts, which means they won’t pay the paper statement fee or manual withdrawal fee.*
Read more detail on these changes , visit the Westpac Everyday account or see our full transaction and service fees to learn more. The other terms and conditions which applied to the Electronic account, including Westpac’s General Terms and Conditions, will continue to apply to the Westpac Everyday account.* Note: Service fees will still apply 22 December 2017From 8 January 2018, we’re making the following changes to our term sheets for each of Westpac Term Deposits, the Westpac Term PIE Fund, the Westpac Cash PIE Fund and the Westpac Notice Saver PIE Fund.1. In the term sheets for all four products, some references to the Code of Banking Practice are being replaced with a reference to Westpac General Terms and Conditions.We are making this change because of anticipated changes to the Code of Banking Practice which will remove detail around methods of communication with customers. Equivalent provisions have now been inserted into the Westpac General Terms and Conditions.2. For the Westpac Cash PIE Fund, new Online Saver PIE accounts are no longer available. For Online Bonus Saver PIE, you can choose to have one or multiple accounts.3. For the Westpac Notice Saver PIE Fund, the Funds on Notice rate may no longer be similar to the rate of a term deposit that has the same or similar term to the minimum notice period. The wording in the term sheet will be changed to reflect this.Updated documentsThe updated Term Sheets are available below.Westpac Term DepositWestpac Term PIE FundWestpac Cash PIE FundWestpac Notice Saver PIE Fund 30 October 2017We are making some changes to our General Terms and Conditions effective as from 13 November 2017.The key changes:- the removal of our special answers provision as Westpac is removing our ‘Special Answer’ service for the fast clearance of cheques, effective 13 November 2017;- new wording to clarify liability where a customer has used their account for fraudulent or unauthorised transactions;- amendments to the international payments provisions clarifying international payment processes, including correspondent and beneficiary bank charges;- the exclusion of Westpac One Business from the Electronic Banking Services Terms; and- clarification as to the method by which a customer can contact Westpac to close an account.Our updated General Terms and Conditions are displayed below.Westpac General Terms and Conditions 18 October 2017Change to Customer Requested Value Transactions FeeEffective 1st November 2017, we will increase the Customer Requested Value Transaction Fee, from $10 to $15.  This fee is applied to a business account when a customer requests Westpac to complete a bank transfer between their accounts or to a third party on their behalf. Alternatively, customers can avoid this fee by completing the transaction via our on-line banking channels. Please refer to the Business Service and Transaction Fees brochure regarding specific transaction fees for each account. 18 August 2017Change of Personal Overdraft Establishment Fee for temporary overdraftsEffective 1 September 2017 we will reduce the Personal Overdraft Establishment Fee  for customers who require a temporary overdraft facility of 45 days or less (temporary overdraft).From 1 September 2017, the following fees will apply to temporary overdrafts:- For temporary overdrafts of $100 or less, there will be no establishment fee. - For temporary overdrafts in excess of $100, the establishment fee will be $9. 1 June 2017hotpoints® SpendBack™From 15 June 2017, we’re making some changes to our Conditions of Use that apply to our hotpoints credit cards.The changes introduce a new hotpoints redemption function called hotpoints SpendBack.This function allows customers who use their hotpoints credit card for qualifying purchases (including food and fuel purchases) to redeem their hotpoints to pay back part or all of those purchases, up to three months from the date of the qualifying purchase.A link to each of our updated conditions of use that apply to hotpoints credit cards and will come into effect on 15 June 2017 are available below.Westpac Credit Card Conditions of UseWestpac World Mastercard® Account Conditions of Use  9 March 2017From 23rd March 2017, we're making some changes to the Conditions of Use that apply to MasterCard BusinessCard/Purchasing Card.- The Conditions of Use are being changed remove the Unauthorised transactions insurance policy and the Transit accident insurance policy to reflect that these insurances are no longer a feature of this card. Westpac New Zealand Limited is working with underwriters with a view to reintroducing unauthorised transaction insurance again in due course.- The Conditions of Use are also being changed to reflect the changing nature of payment technology in that future payments can be made not only by card by also by way of “other payment instruments” (e.g. paytags, wearable and mobile devices).The new Conditions of Use will come into effect on 23rd March 2017 and are available below.MasterCard Business Card Conditions of Use 27 January 2017With effect from 1 March 2017 we are making changes to Westpac Credit Card Overseas Travel Insurance policies, which includes making them dementia friendly. Find out more about the policy change here.18 January 2017Notification of changes to our fees effective 1 February 2017From 1 February 2017 we're changing some of our fees on our products and services. A full list of the changes is available here. 6 October 2016We are making some changes to our General Terms and Conditions, Consumer Loan Terms and Conditions and the Conditions of Use that apply to Westpac credit cards, debit cards, express card and travel and prepaid card, effective as from 20 October 2016.The key changes:- we’ve created a new and separate Westpac Privacy Policy which is now available here at westpac.co.nz or at any Westpac branch;- if we change our General Terms and Conditions, or the terms and conditions of Westpac’s services and products, we will give our customers at least 14 days notice in at least one of the following ways: on our website, in branch, within Westpac Online Banking, by public notice, in newspapers or by email or letter;- in future Westpac Online Banking customers will receive electronic statements for their online transaction, savings and credit facility accounts, unless they elect to receive statements in paper form. Westpac will give advance notice to customers when paper statements will cease to be provided to them; and- wording relating to Cheques and Direct debits sections of our General Terms and Conditions have been updated.Our updated General Terms and Conditions, each of our updated Conditions of Use and our Consumer Loan documents are displayed below.Westpac General Terms and ConditionsWestpac Credit Card Conditions of UseThe World MasterCard Account Conditions of UseThe Westpac Airpoints World MasterCard Account Conditions of UseWestpac Airpoints Credit Card Conditions of UseThe Ultimate Credit Card Account Conditions of UseWestpac prepaid cards Conditions of UseConditions of Use for Westpac Debit MasterCard and Westpac Airpoints Debit MasterCardPersonal Loan Summary – SamplePersonal Loan Terms and ConditionsOverdraft Agreement – SampleTemporary Overdraft – SampleChoices Home Loan Summary – SampleChoices Home Loan Terms and ConditionsChoices Everyday Home Loan Summary – SampleChoices Everyday Home Loan Terms and Conditions 20 May 2016From 3 June 2016 we’re making some changes to our Conditions of Use that apply to Westpac credit cards, debit cards, and travel & prepaid cards.The key changes :Remove reference to specific daily transaction and ATM withdrawal limits in the conditions of use and including a reference that details of such limits are available here.
Provide that following the closure of a hotpoints credit card, any unredeemed hotpoints will expire 10 business days from the date of closure of the hotpoints credit card account.
Our updated Conditions of Use that apply to Westpac credit cards, debit card, travel and prepaid card are below.Ultimate Credit Card Account Conditions of UseWestpac General Credit Card Conditions of Use - MasterCard and Visa CardsWestpac prepaid cards Conditions of Use Conditions of Use for Westpac Debit Mastercard and Westpac Airpoints Debit MasterCardWorld MasterCard Account Conditions of UseWestpac Airpoints World MasterCard Account Conditions of UseWestpac Airpoints Credit Card Conditions of Use 29 April 2016 changesRedeeming hotpoints®To give customers the flexibility to choose the best rewards programme for them, when we launched our Airpoints offer, we also introduced the special offer of 180 days to redeem any unused hotpoints when switching to an Airpoints credit card. This special offer expired on 29 April following which the standard 10 business days to redeem unused hotpoints when cancelling or switching a hotpoints credit card will apply. For more information see Westpac Credit Card Conditions of Use.1 December 2015 changes:Credit Card Travel Insurance Policy changesSome changes have been made to the Overseas Travel Insurance policies that apply to the Westpac Gold Card, Titanium Credit Card, hotpoints Platinum MasterCard and hotpoints World MasterCard products. To view the policies effective from 1st December, click here.23 November 2015 changes:We are making some changes to our General Terms and Conditions, effective 23 November 2015.The changes clarify certain operational aspects of electronic transactions, in particular relating to automatic payments and direct debits.Westpac General Terms and Conditions 26 September 2015 changes:We’re making some changes to the Westpac Debit MasterCard® Conditions of Use. These changes will take effect on 26 September 2015.Various sections of the Westpac Debit MasterCard Conditions of Use have been updated to include the conditions of use for Westpac’s new Airpoints™ Debit MasterCard. In particular:Terms and conditions have been added that specifically relate to Westpac’s new Airpoints product; and
The Westpac Debit MasterCard Conditions of Use will be renamed the Conditions of Use for Westpac Debit MasterCard and Westpac Airpoints Debit MasterCard.
The new Conditions of Use will come into effect on 26 September 2015 are available below.Conditions of Use for Westpac Debit MasterCard and Westpac Airpoints Debit MasterCard5 June 2015 changes:From 5 June 2015, we're making some changes to our General Terms and Conditions and the Conditions of Use that apply to Westpac credit cards, debit card, travel and prepaid card and Westpac PayTag® (Terms & Conditions) to make them clearer and more transparent for our customers.The key changes:provide additional information around when Westpac may vary the Terms & Conditions;
identify the website address where details of other relevant documents can be found;
confirm the liability of each of Westpac and its customers under the Terms & Conditions;
provide more information about how to make a complaint including explaining Westpac’s internal complaint handling processes;
stress the need for customers to tell us if any personal details change;
confirm the ability of customers to provide Westpac with notices and communications electronically; and
provide information to assist customers who may be experiencing financial hardship.
Our updated General Terms & Conditions and the updated Conditions of Use that apply to Westpac credit cards, debit card, travel and prepaid card and Westpac PayTag® are below.Westpac Credit Card Conditions of UseWestpac World MasterCard Account Conditions of UseWestpac Airpoints™ World MasterCard  Account Conditions of UseWestpac Airpoints™ Credit Card Conditions of UseGeneral Terms & ConditionsWestpac Debit MasterCard Conditions of UseWestpac PayTag Terms and ConditionsWestpac prepaid cards Conditions of UseWestpac Card Conditions of UseWe’re updating our General Terms and Conditions. We’re continuing our process of simplifying our products and services to make them easier for you to use. From Monday 8 October 2018 we’re making a change to our General Terms and Conditions. This change explains the process around when we would be able to move you onto a new account. If there is a reason to move you, we will always contact you in advance to explain why and outline the details of the product or service we have selected for you.  You will then have the opportunity to discuss this change and other options with us, prior to any move taking place. The reasons we may move you are when:·        a product or service is no longer available, or·        you are no longer eligible for a product or service, or·        you’re current product might be adversely affecting you We are also updating the Electronic Banking Terms to better reflect our current electronic banking functionality. Want to know more?Visit the updated General Terms and Conditions now before they come into effect. 

