
II.- Why are we handling your data? BGH hereby informs the Interested Party that personal data will be handled by Barceló, for the following purposes: 1. Managing user requests. Barceló will process the data required to answer user requests for information. We will therefore process information including name, surname, email and telephone number. Processing will be carried out in the same manner when the request is made by a journalist or similar, in which case Barceló will also capture information about the media outlet represented and the information request submitted by the journalist. Legitimation: This data will only be processed if BGH has received user consent. 2. Sending ongoing service reminders. Subject to user consent requested during the booking process, Barceló may send the user reminders about failure to complete a reservation, on the basis of the information the user provided via the website (email, phone number, etc). This reminder will only be sent if the user has expressly authorised it during the booking process and when the booking has not been finalised. Legitimation: This processing shall only be carried out if BGH has received consent from the interested party. 3. Analysing and studying how users interact with the website. Barceló may process website users’ personal data through their IP or MAC address, or, if the user is a member of my Barceló, by linking their IP or MAC address to the ID information provided in order to analyse their interactions, movements, scrolls, visits, and the products consulted on the website. Legitimation: Such processing is required to satisfy the legitimate interests of BGH. Customers can oppose the processing of their data for such purposes by following the instructions set out in section V. 4. Website monitoring. Barceló will monitor and control website use to prevent and detect any fraudulent use, unauthorised access, alterations or loss of personal or other data. Legitimation: Such data processing is necessary to comply with the obligations under the Law on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce, as well as to satisfy Barceló’s legitimate interest in guaranteeing internet and data security. 5. Reporting system and system management incidents. BGH will process the user information needed to manage any incident reported or detected by its own means. Such data processing will only be performed to solve the incident and resolve any problems deriving from the same. Legitimation: Such processing is required to satisfy the legitimate interests of BGH. Customers can oppose the processing of their data for such purposes by following the instructions set out in section V. 6. Attending to user rights requests. BGH will process your personal information to accommodate requests made using the user rights and/or customer forms provided on the Barceló website. To be able to attend to such request, this information may include the hotels where the user stayed or other information Barceló may have processed in line with its privacy policy (for example, the insurance company if the customer suffered a loss for which they are entitled to receive compensation). Legitimation: Such processing is necessary to fulfil Barceló’s user rights obligations under data protection regulations. 7. Cookie data processing: information about the cookies policy can be found at the following link: https://www.barcelo.com/es/informacion-general/policy-cookies
