
Privacy Policy

We are committed to protecting your personal information and will keep the information you entrust safely and securely. Pressdram Ltd/Private Eye is registered under the Data Protection Act and will comply with that Act's provisions.
We may collect information from you to monitor visitor patterns and use of the site in order to help us improve our site. Should you consent, we may send you information about future products and promotions from Private Eye and enhancements to the Private Eye web site. Pressdram Ltd/Private Eye will never sell or share your personal information with third parties unless it is to fulfill a function which you have specifically consented to.

We employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf, including fulfilling subscription orders, sending e-mails and postal mail, and analysing data. We will ensure that these companies only use such information under our direction to perform these functions, and that they have adequate procedures in place to deal with your data securely.

If we transfer your data to these companies we will ensure that they process your data in accordance with this privacy policy and the Data Protection Act.

Our registered address is Lynton House, 7-12 Tavistock Square, London WC1H 9LT.

Third party advertising cookies 

Most of the advertisements you see on the website are generated by third
parties. Some of these third parties generate their own cookies to track
how many people have seen a particular advertisement (or use the
services of third parties to do this), and to track how many people have
seen it more than once. These cookies cannot be used to identify an
individual; they can only be used for statistical purposes, for example,
in providing you with advertisements that are more relevant to your
interests. Some of the information gleaned from third party cookies will
be aggregated with other anonymous information for statistical purposes.
The third party companies that generate these cookies have their own,
very strict, privacy policies but we don't have access to these cookies;
other than allowing them to be served, we have no role to play in these
cookies at all (although we may use statistical information arising from
these third party cookies and provided to us by third parties, to
improve the targeting of advertisements to users of the website). 

If you would like to disable "third party" cookies generated by
advertisers or providers of targeted advertising services, you can turn
them off by going to the third party's website and getting them to
generate a one-time "no thanks" cookie that will stop any further
cookies being written to your machine. Here are links to the two main
third party advertising platforms we use, each of which have
instructions on how to do this: 

http://www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/ad-cookie/ 

http://www.audiencescience.com/site/privacy.asp 

You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising bodies
for more information on how to opt out of these cookies: 
http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp 

More From This Issue


More From Private Eye

 
Only In The Magazine


ONLY 
                    £2.00
SUBSCRIBE HERE
NEXT 
                    ISSUE ON SALE
                    2nd January 2018

	  In This Issue


	  
	  New from Gnomemart – The Royal Wedding Day FA Cup Final Commemorative Plate… Book of Revelation: Chapter 94: The Last Trump…  Parents Urged to Look for Signs of Asthma if Their Children Wheeze and Win the Tour de France… Trumpelstiltskin to Send Cow to the Moon – Nursery Times Exclusive… Sparts Personality of the Year Won by Mo Mentum… I’m an Apprentice Masterchef Get Me Out of Celebrity Strictly Come Bake-Off Christmas Final – Xmas TV Highlights… Donald Trump’s Christmas Cheer, as told to Craig Brown


	  And also...
New from– The Royal Wedding Day FA Cup Final Commemorative Plate…Parents Urged to Look for Signs of Asthma if Their Children Wheeze and Win the Tour de France…Sparts Personality of the Year Won by Mo Mentum…Donald Trump’s Christmas Cheer, as told to Craig Brown
- Gnome’s Christmas Giftmart: It's Transgender Barbie & Ken – and more!
- Cartoons galore: Plus… The Dung Beetle Learning Guide
- Win free cash! Enter the Eye’s £250 mega prize crossword

        For all these stories  you can buy  the magazine or  subscribe here and get delivery direct to your home every fortnight.



 

