Coinbase User Agreement
Welcome to Coinbase! This is a User Agreement between you (also referred to herein
as “Client,” “User,” or customer) and Coinbase Inc. ("Coinbase"). This User
Agreement ("Agreement") governs your use of the services provided by Coinbase
described below ("Coinbase Services" or "Services"). By signing up to use
an account through coinbase.com,
pro.coinbase.com, APIs, or the Coinbase mobile application
(collectively the "Coinbase Site"), you agree that you have read, understand,
and accept all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement including
Section 8.2. "Arbitration; Waiver of Class Action", as well as our
Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy, and E-Sign Consent Policy.
As with any asset, the value of Digital Currencies can go up or down and there
can be a substantial risk that you lose money buying, selling, holding, or investing
in digital currencies. You should carefully consider whether trading or holding Digital
Currencies is suitable for you in light of your financial condition. Coinbase is not
registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and does not offer securities
services in the United States or to U.S. persons.
Last updated: January 31, 2019
PART 1: General Use
1. Account Setup
1.1. Eligibility. To be eligible to use the Coinbase Services, you must be at
least 18 years old, and reside in the United States.
1.2. Terms. We may amend or modify this Agreement at any time by posting the
revised agreement on the Coinbase Site and/or providing a copy to you (a “Revised
Agreement”). The Revised Agreement shall be effective as of the time it is posted
but will not apply retroactively. Your continued use of the Services after the posting
of a Revised Agreement constitutes your acceptance of such Revised Agreement. If
you do not agree with any such modification, your sole and exclusive remedy is to
terminate your use of the Services and close your account.
1.3. Registration of Coinbase Account. You must register for a Coinbase account
to use the Coinbase Services (a "Coinbase Account"). By using a Coinbase Account
you agree and represent that you will use Coinbase only for yourself, and not on behalf
of any third party, unless you have obtained prior approval from Coinbase. You are
fully responsible for all activity that occurs under your Coinbase Account. We may,
in our sole discretion, refuse to open a Coinbase Account, or limit the number of
Coinbase Accounts that you may hold or suspend or terminate any Coinbase Account
or the trading of specific Digital Currency in your account.
1.4. Identity Verification. During registration for your Coinbase Account, you
agree to provide us with the information we request for the purposes of identity
verification and the detection of money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, or
any other financial crimes and permit us to keep a record of such information. You
will need to complete certain verification procedures before you are permitted to
use the Coinbase Services. Your access to one or more Coinbase Services and the
limits that apply to your use of the Coinbase Services, may be altered as a result
of information collected about you on an ongoing basis. The information we request
may include certain personal information, including, but not limited to, your name,
address, telephone number, e-mail address, date of birth, taxpayer identification
number, a government identification, and information regarding your bank account
(such as the name of the bank, the account type, routing number, and account number)
and in some cases (where permitted by law), special categories of personal data,
such as your biometric information. In providing us with this or any other information
that may be required, you confirm that the information is accurate and authentic.
You agree to keep us updated if any of the information you provide changes. You
authorize us to make inquiries, whether directly or through third parties, that we
consider necessary to verify your identity or protect you and/or us against fraud
or other financial crime, and to take action we reasonably deem necessary based on
the results of such inquiries. When we carry out these inquiries, you acknowledge
and agree that your personal information may be disclosed to credit reference and
fraud prevention or financial crime agencies and that these agencies may respond
to our inquiries in full. This is an identity check only and should have no adverse
effect on your credit rating. Further, you authorize your wireless operator (AT&T,
Sprint, T-Mobile, US Cellular, Verizon, or any other branded wireless operator) to
use your mobile number, name, address, email, network status, customer type, customer
role, billing type, mobile device identifiers (IMSI and IMEI) and other subscriber
status details, if available, solely to allow verification of your identity and to
compare information you have provided to Coinbase with your wireless operator account
profile information for the duration of the business relationship. See our
Privacy Policy for how we treat your data.
1.5. Access. To access the Coinbase Services, you must have the necessary equipment
(such as a smartphone or laptop) and the associated telecommunication service subscriptions
to access the Internet. The Coinbase Services can be accessed directly using the
Coinbase Site. Access to Coinbase Services may become degraded or unavailable during
times of significant volatility or volume. This could result in the inability to
buy or sell for periods of time and may also lead to support response time delays.
Although we strive to provide you with excellent service, we do not represent that
the Coinbase Site or other Coinbase Services will be available without interruption
and we do not guarantee that any order will be executed, accepted, recorded, or remain
open. Coinbase shall not be liable for any losses resulting from or arising out of
transaction delays.
2. Wallet and Custodial Services
2.1. Wallet Services. As part of your Coinbase Account, Coinbase will provide
qualifying users access to: (a) a hosted Digital Currency wallet(s) for holding
Digital Currencies (“Digital Currency Wallet”), and (b) a hosted US Dollars
("USD") wallet for holding USD (a “USD Wallet“).
2.2. Hosted Digital Currency Wallet. Your Digital Currency Wallet allows you
to store, track, transfer, and manage your balances of Digital Currency. As used
throughout, "Digital Currency" means only those particular digital currencies
listed as available to trade or custody in your Coinbase Account (also referred to
as “Supported Digital Currency”). Services and supported assets may vary by
jurisdiction. We securely store Digital Currency private keys, which are used to
process transactions, in a combination of online and offline storage. As a result
of our security protocols, it may be necessary for us to retrieve private keys or
related information from offline storage in order to facilitate a Digital Currency
Transfers in accordance with your instructions, and you acknowledge that this may
delay the initiation or crediting of such Digital Currency Transfers. You may elect
to use other services, such as the Coinbase Vault, which allow you to set withdrawal
time-delays and create other conditions around the custody and transfer of your Digital
Currency. Additional rules associated with such product(s) and service(s) may apply.
2.3. Supported Digital Currencies. Your Coinbase Account is intended solely for
proper use of Supported Digital Currencies as designated on the Site. Under no
circumstances should you attempt to use your Digital Currency Wallet to store, send,
request, or receive digital currencies we do not support. Coinbase assumes no
responsibility in connection with any attempt to use your Digital Currency Wallet
with digital currencies that we do not support. If you have any questions about
which Digital Currencies we currently support, please visit
https://support.coinbase.com.
2.4. Supplemental Protocols Excluded. Unless specifically announced on the
Coinbase Site or other official public statement of Coinbase, Supported Digital
Currencies excludes all other protocols and/or functionality which supplement or
interact with the Supported Digital Currency. This exclusion includes but is not
limited to: metacoins, colored coins, side chains, or other derivative, enhanced,
or forked protocols, tokens, or coins or other functionality, such as staking, protocol
governance, and/or any smart contract functionality, which may supplement or interact
with a Digital Currency we support. Do not use your Coinbase Account to attempt to
receive, request, send, store, or engage in any other type of transaction or functionality
involving any such protocol as Coinbase is not configured to detect, secure, or process
these transactions and functionality. Any attempted transactions in such items will
result in loss of the item. You acknowledge and agree that supplemental protocols
are excluded from Supported Digital Currency and that Coinbase has no liability for
any losses related to supplemental protocols.
2.5 Operation of Digital Currency Protocols. We do not own or control the underlying
software protocols which govern the operation of Digital Currency supported on our
platform. Generally, the underlying protocols are open source, and anyone can use,
copy, modify, and distribute them. We assume no responsibility for the operation of
the underlying protocols and we are not able to guarantee the functionality or security
of network operations. In particular, the underlying protocols may be subject to
sudden changes in operating rules (including “forks”). Any such material operating
changes may materially affect the availability, value, functionality, and/or the
name of the Digital Currency you store in your Digital Currency Wallet. Coinbase
does not control the timing and features of these material operating changes. It
is your responsibility to make yourself aware of upcoming operating changes and
you must carefully consider publicly available information and information that
may be provided by Coinbase in determining whether to continue to use a Coinbase
Account for the affected Digital Currency. In the event of any such operational
change, Coinbase reserves the right to takes such steps as may be necessary to protect
the security and safety of assets held on the Coinbase platform, including temporarily
suspending operations for the involved digital currency(ies), and other necessary
steps; Coinbase will use its best efforts to provide you notice of its response to
any material operating change; however, such changes are outside of Coinbase’s control
and may occur without notice to Coinbase. Coinbase’s response to any material operating
change is subject to its sole discretion and includes deciding not to support any
new digital currency, fork, or other actions. You acknowledge and accept the risks
of operating changes to Digital Currency protocols and agree that Coinbase is not
responsible for such operating changes and not liable for any loss of value you
may experience as a result of such changes in operating rules. You acknowledge
and accept that Coinbase has sole discretion to determine its response to any operating
change and that we have no responsibility to assist you with unsupported currencies
or protocols.
2.6. Digital Currency Custody and Title. All Digital Currencies held in your
Digital Currency Wallet are custodial assets held by Coinbase for your benefit, as
described in further detail below.
2.6.1 Ownership. Title to Digital Currency shall at all times remain with you
and shall not transfer to Coinbase. As the owner of Digital Currency in your Digital
Wallet, you shall bear all risk of loss of such Digital Currency. Coinbase shall
have no liability for Digital Currency fluctuations. None of the Digital Currencies
in your Digital Currency Wallet are the property of, or shall or may be loaned to,
Coinbase; Coinbase does not represent or treat assets in User’s Digital Currency
Wallets as belonging to Coinbase. Coinbase may not grant a security interest in the
Digital Currency held in your Digital Currency Wallet. Except as required by a facially
valid court order, or except as provided herein, Coinbase will not sell, transfer,
loan, hypothecate, or otherwise alienate Digital Currency in your Digital Currency Wallet
unless instructed by you.
2.6.2 Control. You control the Digital Currencies held in your Digital Currency
Wallet. At any time, subject to outages, downtime, and other applicable policies,
you may withdraw your Digital Currency by sending it to a different blockchain address.
As long as you continue to custody your Digital Currencies with Coinbase, Coinbase
shall retain control over electronic private keys associated with blockchain addresses
operated by Coinbase, including the blockchain addresses that hold your Digital Currency.
2.6.3 Acknowledgement of Risk. You acknowledge that Digital Currency is not
subject to protections or insurance provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
or the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.
2.6.4 Digital Currencies Not Segregated. In order to more securely custody
assets, Coinbase may use shared blockchain addresses, controlled by Coinbase, to
hold Digital Currencies held on behalf of customers and/or held on behalf of Coinbase.
Although we maintain separate ledgers for Client and Coinbase accounts, Coinbase
shall have no obligation to segregate by blockchain address Digital Currencies owned
by you from Digital Currencies owned by other customers or by Coinbase.
2.7. USD Wallet. Your USD Wallet allows you to hold and transfer USD with
your Coinbase Account as described below. In general, we will combine the balance
of your USD Wallet with other customers’ balances and either hold those funds in
a custodial account at a U.S. FDIC-insured bank or invest those funds in liquid
investments, such as U.S. treasuries, in accordance with state money transmitter
laws. Coinbase owns the interest or other earnings on these investments. Pooled
customer funds are held apart from Coinbase’s corporate funds and Coinbase will
neither use these funds for its operating expenses or any other corporate purposes.
2.8. USDC Wallets. You may also elect to buy USD Coin from Coinbase, a Digital
Currency fully collateralized by the US Dollar, which is issued by Circle Internet
Financial (“Circle”) and supported by Coinbase (“USDC”). You are the owner of the
balance of your USDC Wallet. Coinbase is not the issuer of USDC, does not hold U.S.
Dollars on reserve for USDC holders, and has no obligation to repurchase your USDC
for USD. You can redeem your USDC with Circle, and Coinbase may also elect to repurchase
your USDC in exchange for USD. You agree to be bound by the terms of the Circle
USDC Agreement (located at
https://support.usdc.circle.com/hc/en-us/articles/360001233386-Circle-USDC-User-Agreement),
which provides additional obligations, undertakings, and limitations with respect
to USDC.
2.9 Coinbase Bundle. The Coinbase Bundle (“Bundle”) is an offer to purchase
multiple Digital Currencies in a single-click transaction, subject to our current
fees for purchasing Bundles. The Digital Currencies included in any Bundle are made
available by Coinbase in its sole discretion. The amount of each Digital Currencies
in any Bundle offer is proportional to each Digital Currency’s “market capitalization”,
calculated by multiplying its current price by the circulating supply of the Digital
Currency. By purchasing a Bundle, you understand and acknowledge that you have the
ability to sell and send each Digital Currency included in the Bundle at your discretion,
just as if you had purchased each Digital Currency in separate transactions, by
choosing to “unbundle” the Bundle. Coinbase may allow you to perform a single transaction
to sell an amount proportionally across all the Digital Currencies purchased as part
of a Bundle, and Coinbase may allow this only if you have not previously unbundled
your purchased Bundle. A Bundle can not be reconstituted once it is unbundled. All
pricing or performance data related to the Bundle is for informational purposes only.
A Bundle is not an offer to purchase any single security, investment or financial
instrument. A Bundle offer is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Digital
Currency or any amount of a Digital Currency and does not constitute investment
advice, financial advice, or trading advice.
3. Payment Services, Purchase & Sale Transactions
3.1. USD Funds. You can load funds into your USD Wallet from a valid bank account
via ACH transfer or wire transfer. Your USD balance is in a pending state and will
not be credited to your USD Wallet until after the bank transfer has cleared, usually
with 5 business days. We may debit your linked bank account as soon as you initiate
payment. The name on your linked bank account and your wire transfer must match the
name verified on your Coinbase Account.
3.2. Purchase or Sale of Digital Currency. When you purchase (buy) Digital
Currency from Coinbase (or from a third-party using Coinbase Pro) this transaction
is intended to effect a sale of Digital Currency. You can purchase (buy) Digital
Currency using: (a) funds in your USD Wallet, (b) Digital Currency held in certain
Digital Currency Wallets, as permitted by Coinbase, (c) a valid bank account in
the name that matches the name on your Coinbase Account, or (d) a debit or credit
card that matches the name on your Coinbase Account (each a "Valid Payment Method").
Your purchase must follow the relevant instructions on the Coinbase Site. Coinbase
reserves the right to cancel any transaction not confirmed by you within five (5)
seconds after Coinbase quotes a transaction price. A purchase of Digital Currency
using a Valid Payment Method generally will initiate on the business day we receive
your instructions. Purchased Digital Currency will be deposited in your Digital
Currency Wallet as soon as funds have settled to Coinbase, which in the case of a
bank account or credit or debit card may take up to five business days. You can
sell Digital Currency and instruct Coinbase to deposit funds into your Coinbase
USD Wallet or, where supported, a Digital Currency Wallet. Digital Currency purchases
and sales are collectively referred to herein as “Digital Currency Transactions”.
If Coinbase cannot complete your Digital Currency Transaction for any reason (such
as price movement, failure of Pro to respond, or an order exceeding the maximum order
size), Coinbase will reject the order and notify you of such rejection. You will
not be charged for a rejected transaction.
3.3. Fees. In general, Coinbase makes money when you purchase or sell
digital currency on our Site. A full list of Coinbase fees for your Coinbase
Account can be found on our Pricing and Fees Disclosures
page.
By using Coinbase Services you agree to pay all applicable fees. Coinbase
reserves the right to adjust its pricing and fees and any applicable waivers at
any time. We will always notify you of the pricing and fees which apply to your
transaction when you authorize the transaction and in each receipt we issue to
you. We may charge network fees (miner fees) to process a Digital Currency
Transaction on your behalf. We will calculate the network fee in our
discretion, although we will always notify you of the network fee at or before
the time you authorize the Digital Currency Transaction. Bank fees charged to
Coinbase are netted out of transfers to or from Coinbase. You are responsible
for paying any additional fees charged by your financial service provider. We
will not process a transfer if associated bank fees exceed the value of the
transfer. You may be required to deposit additional USD to cover bank fees if
you desire to complete such a transfer.
3.4. Recurring Digital Currency Transactions. If you initiate recurring Digital
Currency Transactions, you authorize us to initiate recurring electronic
payments in accordance with your selected Digital Currency Transaction and any
corresponding payment accounts, such as recurring automated clearing house (ACH)
debit or credit entries from or to your linked bank account. Your recurring
transactions will occur in identical, periodic installments, based on your
period selection (e.g., daily, weekly, monthly), until either you or Coinbase
cancels the recurring order. If you select a U.S. Bank Account as your payment
method for a recurring transaction, and such transaction falls on a weekend or
holiday, or after bank business hours, the ACH credit or debit will be executed
on the next business day, although the Digital Currency fees at the time of the
regularly-scheduled transaction will apply. If your Bank is unable to process
any electronic ACH debit entry, we will notify you of cancellation of the
transaction and may avail itself of remedies set forth in this User Agreement to
recover any amount owed to Coinbase. This authorization will remain in full
force and effect until you change your recurring transaction settings at
https://www.coinbase.com/recurring_payments, or until you provide us written
notification at https://support.coinbase.com. You agree to notify Coinbase in
writing of any changes in your linked bank account information prior to a
recurring transaction. Coinbase may, at any time, terminate recurring
transactions by providing notice to you.
3.5. Revocation. When you give us instructions to purchase (buy) Digital
Currency, you cannot withdraw your consent to that purchase unless the purchase
is not scheduled to occur until a future date e.g. you set up a recurring
purchase of Digital Currency (a "Future Transaction"). In the case of a Future
Transaction, you may withdraw your consent up until the end of the business day
before the date that the Future Transaction is scheduled to take place. To
withdraw your consent to a Future Transaction, follow the instructions on the
Coinbase Site.
3.6. Unauthorized and Incorrect Transactions. When a Digital Currency or USD
transaction occurs using your credentials, we will assume that you authorized
such transaction, unless you notify us otherwise. If you believe you did not
authorize a particular transaction or that a transaction was incorrectly carried
out, you must contact us as soon as possible either by email free of charge at
support+trust@coinbase.com or by phone at +1 (888) 908-7930 (international call
charges may apply). It is important that you regularly check your USD Wallet and
Digital Currency Wallet balances and your transaction history regularly to
ensure you notify us as soon as possible of any unauthorized or incorrect
transactions to. We are not responsible for any claim for unauthorized or
incorrect transactions unless you have notified us in accordance with this
section.
3.7. Account Information. You will be able to see your USD Wallet and Digital
Currency Wallet balances using the Coinbase Site. You can also see your
transaction history using the Coinbase Site, including (i) the amount (and
currency) of each Digital Currency Transaction, (ii) a reference to the identify
of the payer and/or payee (as appropriate), (iii) any fees charged (excluding
any spread, or margin, over the prevailing market rate on Coinbase’s trading
platform), (iv) if applicable, the rate of exchange, and the amount (in the new
currency) after exchange (where you are the payer) or the amount (in the
original currency) before the exchange (where you are the payee), and (v) the
date of each Digital Currency Transaction.
3.8. Consent to access, processing and storage of your personal data. You
consent to us accessing, processing and retaining any personal information you
provide to us for the purpose of us providing Coinbase Services to you. This
consent is not related to, and does not affect, any rights or obligations we or
you have in accordance with data protection laws, privacy laws and regulations.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by closing your account with us.
However, we may retain and continue to process your personal information for
other purposes. Please see our Privacy
Policy for further
information about how we process your personal data, and the rights you have in
respect of this.
3.9. Reversals & Cancellations. You cannot cancel, reverse, or change any
transaction marked as complete or pending. If your payment is not successful, if
your payment method has insufficient funds, or if you reverse a payment made
from funds in your bank account, you authorize Coinbase, in its sole discretion,
either to cancel the transaction or to debit your other payment methods,
including your USD Wallet or Digital Currency Wallet balances or other linked
accounts, in any amount necessary to complete the transaction. You are
responsible for maintaining an adequate balance and/or sufficient credit limits
in order to avoid overdraft, non-sufficient funds (NSF), or similar fees charged
by your payment provider. We reserve the right to refuse to process, or to
cancel or reverse, any Digital Currency Transaction or Transfers in our sole
discretion, even after funds have been debited from your account(s), if we
suspect the transaction involves (or has a high risk of involvement in) money
laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, or any other type of financial crime; in
response to a subpoena, court order, or other government order; if we reasonably
suspect that the transaction is erroneous; or if Coinbase suspects the
transaction relates to Prohibited Use or a Prohibited Business as set forth
below. In such instances, Coinbase will reverse the transaction and we are under
no obligation to allow you to reinstate a purchase or sale order at the same
price or on the same terms as the cancelled transaction.
3.10. Payment Services Partners. Coinbase may use a third party payment
processor to process any US Dollar payment between you and Coinbase, including
but not limited to payments in relation to your use of the Digital Currency
Transactions or deposits or withdrawals from your USD Wallet or Coinbase Pro
Account.
4. Digital Currency Transfers
4.1. In General. If you have sufficiently verified your identity, your Digital
Currency Wallet enables you to send Supported Digital Currency to, and request,
receive, and store Supported Digital Currency from, third parties by giving
instructions through the Coinbase Site. Your transfer of Supported Digital
Currencies between your other digital currency wallets (including wallets off
the Coinbase Site) and to and from third parties is a “Digital Currency
Transfer”.
4.3. Pending Transactions. Once a Digital Currency Transfer is submitted to a
Digital Currency network, the transaction will be unconfirmed and remain in a
pending state for a period of time sufficient to confirmation of the transaction
by the Digital Currency network. A Digital Currency Transfer is not complete
while it is in a pending state. Pending Digital Currency Transfers that are
initiated from a Coinbase Account will reflect a pending transaction status and
are not available to you for use on the Coinbase platform or otherwise while the
transaction is pending.
4.4. Inbound Digital Currency Transfers. When you or a third party sends
Digital Currency to a Coinbase wallet from an external wallet not hosted on
Coinbase (“Inbound Transfers”), the person initiating the transaction is solely
responsible for executing the transaction properly, which may include, among
other things, payment of sufficient network or miner’s fees in order for the
transaction to be successful. Insufficient network fees may cause an Inbound
Transfer to remain in a pending state outside of Coinbase’s control and we are
not responsible for delays or loss incurred as a result of an error in the
initiation of the transaction and have no obligation to assist in the
remediation of such transactions. By initiating an Inbound Transfer, you attest
that you are transacting in a Supported Digital Currency which conforms to the
particular Coinbase wallet into which funds are directed. For example, if you
select an Ethereum wallet address to receive funds, you attest that you are
initiating an Inbound Transfer of Ethereum alone, and not any other currency
such as Bitcoin or Ethereum Classic. Coinbase incurs no obligation whatsoever
with regard to unsupported digital currency sent to a Coinbase Account or
Supported Digital Currency sent to an incompatible Digital Currency wallet.
Erroneously transmitted funds will be lost. We recommend customers send a small
amount of Supported Digital Currency as a test prior to initiating a send of a
significant amount of Supported Digital Currency. Coinbase may from time to time
determine types of Digital Currency that will be supported or cease to be
supported.
4.5. Outbound Digital Currency Transfers. When you send Digital Currency from
your Coinbase Account to an external wallet (“Outbound Transfers”), such
transfers are executed at your instruction by Coinbase. You should verify all
transaction information prior to submitting instructions to us. Coinbase shall
bear no liability or responsibility in the event you enter an incorrect
blockchain destination address. We do not guarantee the identity or value
received by a recipient of an Outbound Transfer. Digital Currency Transfers
cannot be reversed once they have been broadcast to the relevant Digital
Currency network, although they may be in a pending state, and designated
accordingly, while the transaction is processed by network operators. Coinbase
does not control the Digital Currency network and makes no guarantees that a
Digital Currency Transfer will be confirmed by the network. We may refuse to
process or cancel any pending Outbound Digital Currency Transfers as required by
law or any court or other authority to which Coinbase is subject in any
jurisdiction. Additionally, we may require you to wait some amount of time after
completion of a transaction before permitting you to use further Coinbase
Services and/or before permitting you to engage in transactions beyond certain
volume limits.
4.6. Transfers to a Recipient Email Address. Coinbase allows you to initiate a
Digital Currency Transfer to a Coinbase customer by designating that customer’s
email address. If you initiate a Digital Currency Transfer to an email address,
and the recipient does not have an existing Coinbase Account, we will invite the
recipient to open a Coinbase Account. If the recipient does not open a Coinbase
Account within 30 days, we will return the relevant Digital Currency to your
Digital Currency Wallet.
4.8. Third Party Merchants. We have no control over, or liability for, the
delivery, quality, safety, legality or any other aspect of any goods or services
that you may purchase from a third party (including other users of Coinbase
Digital Currency Services). We are not responsible for ensuring that a third
party buyer or a seller you transact with will complete the transaction or is
authorised to do so. If you experience a problem with any goods or services
purchased from, or sold to, a third party using Digital Currency transferred
using the Coinbase Digital Currency Services, or if you have a dispute with such
third party, you should resolve the dispute directly with that third party. If
you believe a third party has behaved in a fraudulent, misleading, or
inappropriate manner, or if you cannot adequately resolve a dispute with a third
party, you may notify Coinbase Support at support+trust@coinbase.com so that we
may consider what action to take, if any.
4.9 Debts. In the event that there are outstanding amounts owed to us
hereunder, including in your Coinbase Account, Coinbase reserves the right to
debit your Coinbase Account or Coinbase Pro Account accordingly and/or to
withhold amounts from funds you may transfer from your Coinbase Pro Account to
your Coinbase Account.
5. Additional Services
5.1 Generally. In addition to the Services above, the following services
("Additional Services") may be made available by Coinbase to users that fulfill
certain eligibility criteria.
5.2. Coinbase Pro Services. Coinbase Pro Services are services related to
Coinbase Pro's order matching platform. If you are eligible and elect to use
the Coinbase Pro Services, you must establish a Coinbase Pro account at
pro.coinbase.com ("Coinbase Pro Account"). The provisions of this Section
5.1. apply to your use of such Coinbase Pro Services in addition to the other
applicable provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation the
releases, indemnities, disclaimers, limitations of liability, prohibited use,
dispute resolution, and cancellation policies set forth above. Additionally.
you also accept and agree to be bound by the Trading Rules and the Coinbase Pro
Trading Fees.
5.2.1 Coinbase Pro Account. You may not sell, lease, furnish or otherwise
permit or provide access to your Trading Account to any other entity or to any
individual that is not your employee or agent. You accept full responsibility
for your employees' or agents' use of Coinbase Pro, whether such use is directly
through the Coinbase Pro website or by other means, such as those facilitated
through API keys, and/or applications which you may authorize. You understand
and agree that you are responsible for any and all orders, trades, and other
instructions entered into Coinbase Pro including identifiers, permissions,
passwords, and security codes associated with your Coinbase Pro Account.
5.2.2 Order Books. Coinbase Pro Services offer an order book for various
Digital Currency and Fiat Currency trading pairs (each an "Order Book"). Refer
to your Coinbase Pro Account to determine which Order Books are available to
you.
5.2.3 Associated Tools. In addition to the Wallet Services detailed in Section
2.1, your Coinbase Pro Account provides you access to associated user tools,
accessible at pro.coinbase.com and through the Coinbase Pro API.
6. Data Protection and Security
6.1. Personal Data. You acknowledge that we may process personal data in
relation to you (if you are an individual), and personal data that you have
provided or in the future provide to us in relation to your employees and other
associated or other individuals, in connection with this Agreement, or the
Coinbase Services. Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: (i) your
disclosure to us of any personal data relating to individuals other than
yourself was or will be made in accordance with all applicable data protection
and data privacy laws, and those data are accurate, up to date and relevant when
disclosed; (ii) before providing any such personal data to us, you have read and
understood our Privacy Policy, which is available
here, and, in the case of
personal data relating to an individual other than yourself, have (or will at
the time of disclosure have) provided a copy of that Privacy
Policy (as amended from
time to time), to that individual; and (iii) if from time to time we provide you
with a replacement version of the Privacy
Policy, you will promptly
read that notice and provide a copy to any individual whose personal data you
have provided to us.
6.2. Security Breach. If you suspect that your Coinbase Account or any of your
security details have been compromised or if you become aware of any fraud or
attempted fraud or any other security incident (including a cyber-security
attack) affecting you and / or Coinbase (together a "Security Breach"), you must
notify Coinbase Support as soon as possible by email free of charge at
support+trust@coinbase.com or by calling us at +1 (888) 908 7930 and continue to
provide accurate and up to date information throughout the duration of the
Security Breach. You must take any steps that we reasonably require to reduce,
manage or report any Security Breach. Failure to provide prompt notification of
any Security Breach may be taken into account in our determination of the
appropriate resolution of the matter.
7. General Use, Prohibited Use, Death of Account Holder and Termination
7.1. Limited License. We grant you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable
license, subject to the terms of this Agreement, to access and use the Coinbase
Services, Coinbase Site, and related content, materials, information
(collectively, the "Content") solely for purposes approved by Coinbase from time
to time. Any other use of the Coinbase Site or Content is expressly prohibited
and all other right, title, and interest in the Coinbase Services, Coinbase Site
or Content is exclusively the property of Coinbase and its licensors. You agree
you will not copy, transmit, distribute, sell, license, reverse engineer,
modify, publish, or participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative
works from, or in any other way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part
without the prior written consent of Coinbase. "Coinbase.com", "Coinbase",
“Coinbase Pro”, and all logos related to the Coinbase Services or displayed on
the Coinbase Site are either trademarks or registered marks of Coinbase or its
licensors. You may not copy, imitate or use them without Coinbase's prior
written consent.
7.2. Website Accuracy. Although we intend to provide accurate and timely
information on the Coinbase Site, the Coinbase Site (including, without
limitation, the Content) may not always be entirely accurate, complete or
current and may also include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. In
an effort to continue to provide you with as complete and accurate information
as possible, information may be changed or updated from time to time without
notice, including without limitation information regarding our policies,
products and services. Accordingly, you should verify all information before
relying on it, and all decisions based on information contained on the Coinbase
Site are your sole responsibility and we shall have no liability for such
decisions. Information provided by third parties, including historical price and
supply data for Digital Currencies, is for informational purposes only and
Coinbase makes no representations or warranties to its accuracy. Links to
third-party materials (including without limitation websites) may be provided as
a convenience but are not controlled by us. You acknowledge and agree that we
are not responsible for any aspect of the information, content, or services
contained in any third-party materials or on any third-party sites accessible or
linked to the Coinbase Site,
7.3. Promotions. From time to time, Coinbase may make available special offers
or conduct promotions for qualifying customers. Subject to applicable laws,
Coinbase or the issuer of a Digital Currency subject to an offer or promotion
may establish qualifying criteria to participate in any special promotion its
sole discretion. Coinbase may revoke any special offer at any time without
notice. Once Digital Currency has been deposited in a user’s Digital Currency
Wallet, that Digital Currency becomes the property of the Coinbase user with all
applicable property rights, including those noted in Section 2.2 of this
Agreement. Coinbase shall have no obligation to make special offers available to
all customers. Coinbase makes no recommendation and does not provide any advice
about the value or utility of any Digital Currency subject to a promotion.
7.4. Third-Party Applications. If, to the extent permitted by Coinbase from
time to time, you grant express permission to a third party to access or connect
to your Coinbase Account(s), either through the third party's product or service
or through the Coinbase Site, you acknowledge that granting permission to a
third party to take specific actions on your behalf does not relieve you of any
of your responsibilities under this Agreement. You are fully responsible for all
acts or omissions of any third party with access to your Coinbase Account(s).
Further, you acknowledge and agree that you will not hold Coinbase responsible
for, and will indemnify Coinbase from, any liability arising out of or related
to any act or omission of any third party with access to your Coinbase
Account(s). You may change or remove permissions granted by you to third parties
with respect to your Coinbase Account(s) at any time through the tabs on the
Account Settings page on the Coinbase Site.
7.5. Prohibited Use. In connection with your use of the Coinbase Services, and
your interactions with other users, and third parties you agree and represent
you will not engage in any Prohibited Business or Prohibited
Use
defined herein. We reserve the right at all times to monitor, review, retain
and/or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law,
regulation, sanctions programs, legal process or governmental request. We
reserve the right to cancel and/or suspend your Coinbase Account(s) and/or block
transactions or freeze funds immediately and without notice if we determine, in
our sole discretion, that your Account is associated with a Prohibited Use
and/or a Prohibited Business.
7.6. Transaction Limits. The use of all Coinbase Services is subject to a limit
on the amount of volume, stated in U.S. Dollar terms, you may transact or
transfer in a given period (e.g., daily). To view your limits, login to your
Coinbase Account(s)(s) and visit https://www.coinbase.com/verifications. Your
transaction limits may vary depending on your payment method, verification steps
you have completed, and other factors. Coinbase reserves the right to change
applicable limits as we deem necessary in our sole discretion. If you wish to
raise your limits beyond the posted amounts, you may submit a request at
https://support.coinbase.com. We may require you to submit additional
information about yourself or your business, provide records, and arrange for
meetings with Coinbase staff (such process, "Enhanced Due Diligence"). Coinbase
reserves the right to charge you costs and fees associated with Enhanced Due
Diligence, provided that we notify you in advance of any such charges accruing.
In our sole discretion, we may refuse to raise your limits or we may lower your
limits at a subsequent time even if you have completed Enhanced Due Diligence.
7.7. Suspension, Termination, and Cancellation. Coinbase may: (a) suspend,
restrict, or terminate your access to any or all of the Coinbase Services,
and/or (b) deactivate or cancel your Coinbase Account(s) if: (i) We are so
required by a facially valid subpoena, court order, or binding order of a
government authority; (ii) We reasonably suspect you of using your Coinbase
Account(s) in connection with a Prohibited Use or
Business;
(iii) Use of your Coinbase Account(s) is subject to any pending litigation,
investigation, or government proceeding and/or we perceive a heightened risk of
legal or regulatory non-compliance associated with your Account activity; (iv)
Our service partners are unable to support your use; (v) You take any action
that Coinbase deems as circumventing Coinbase's controls, including, but not
limited to, opening multiple Coinbase Accounts or abusing promotions which
Coinbase may offer from time to time; or (vi) You breach our Behavior
Policy.
If Coinbase suspends or closes your account, or terminates your use of Coinbase
Services for any reason, we will provide you with notice of our actions unless a
court order or other legal process prohibits Coinbase from providing you with
such notice. You acknowledge that Coinbase's decision to take certain actions,
including limiting access to, suspending, or closing your account, may be based
on confidential criteria that are essential to Coinbase's risk management and
security protocols. You agree that Coinbase is under no obligation to disclose
the details of its risk management and security procedures to you.
You will be permitted to transfer Digital Currency or funds associated with your
Hosted Digital Currency Wallet(s) and/or your USD Wallet(s) for ninety (90) days
after Account deactivation or cancellation unless such transfer is otherwise
prohibited (i) under the law, including but not limited to applicable sanctions
programs, or (ii) by a facially valid subpoena or court order. You may cancel
your Coinbase Account(s) at any time by withdrawing all balances and visiting
https://www.coinbase.com/settings/cancel. You will not be charged for canceling
your Coinbase Account(s), although you will be required to pay any outstanding
amounts owed to Coinbase. You authorize us to cancel or suspend any pending
transactions at the time of cancellation.
7.8. Death of Account Holder. For security reasons, if we receive legal
documentation confirming your death or other information leading us to believe
you have died, we will freeze your Coinbase Account and during this time, no
transactions may be completed until:(i) your designated fiduciary has opened a
new Coinbase Account, as further described below, and the entirety of your
Coinbase Account has been transferred to such new account, or (ii) we have
received proof in a form satisfactory to us that you have not died. If we have
reason to believe you may have died but we do not have proof of your death in a
form satisfactory to us, you authorize us to make inquiries, whether directly or
through third parties, that we consider necessary to ascertain whether you have
died. Upon receipt by us of proof satisfactory to us that you have died, the
fiduciary you have designated in a valid Will or similar testamentary document
will be required to open a new Coinbase Account. If you have not designated a
fiduciary, then we reserve the right to (i) treat as your fiduciary any person
entitled to inherit your Coinbase Account, as determined by us upon receipt and
review of the documentation we, in our sole and absolute discretion, deem
necessary or appropriate, including (but not limited to) a Will, a living trust
or a Small Estate Affidavit, or (ii) require an order designating a fiduciary
from a court having competent jurisdiction over your estate. In the event we
determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, that there is uncertainty
regarding the validity of the fiduciary designation, we reserve the right to
require an order resolving such issue from a court of competent jurisdiction
before taking any action relating to your Coinbase Account. Pursuant to the
above, the opening of a new Coinbase Account by a designated fiduciary is
mandatory following the death of a Coinbase Account owner, and you hereby agree
that your fiduciary will be required to open a new Coinbase Account and provide
the information required under Section 2 of this Agreement in order to gain
access to the contents of your Coinbase Account.
7.9. Unclaimed Property. If Coinbase is holding funds (whether fiat currency or
Digital Currency) in your account, and Coinbase is unable to contact you and has
no record of your use of the Services for several years, applicable law may
require Coinbase to report these funds (including fiat currency and Digital
Currency) as unclaimed property to the applicable jurisdiction. If this occurs,
Coinbase will try to locate you at the address shown in our records, but if
Coinbase is unable to locate you, it may be required to deliver any such funds
to the applicable state or jurisdiction as unclaimed property.
7.10. Relationship of the Parties. Coinbase is an independent contractor for
all purposes. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or is intended to be
deemed, nor shall it cause, you and Coinbase to be treated as partners, joint
ventures, or otherwise as joint associates for profit, or either you or Coinbase
to be treated as the agent of the other.
7.11. Privacy of Others; Marketing. If you receive information about another
user through the Coinbase Services, you must keep the information confidential
and only use it in connection with the Coinbase Services. You may not disclose
or distribute a user's information to a third party or use the information
except as reasonably necessary to effectuate a transaction and other functions
reasonably incidental thereto such as support, reconciliation and accounting
unless you receive the user's express consent to do so. You may not send
unsolicited email to a user through the Coinbase Services.
7.12. Password Security; Contact Information. You are responsible for creating
a strong password and maintaining adequate security and control of any and all
IDs, passwords, hints, personal identification numbers (PINs), API keys or any
other codes that you use to access the Coinbase Services. Any loss or compromise
of the foregoing information and/or your personal information may result in
unauthorized access to your Coinbase Account(s) by third-parties and the loss or
theft of any Digital Currency and/or funds held in your Coinbase Account(s) and
any associated accounts, including your linked bank account(s) and credit
card(s). You are responsible for keeping your email address and telephone number
up to date in your Account Profile in order to receive any notices or alerts
that we may send you. You should never allow remote access or share your
computer screen with someone else when you are logged on to your Coinbase
Account. Coinbase will never under any circumstances ask you for your IDs,
passwords, or 2-factor authentication codes. We assume no responsibility for
any loss that you may sustain due to compromise of account login credentials due
to no fault of Coinbase and/or failure to follow or act on any notices or alerts
that we may send to you. In the event you believe your Coinbase Account(s)
information has been compromised, contact Coinbase Support immediately at
support+trust@coinbase.com, or report your claim by phone at (888) 908-7930.
7.13. Developer Tools. If you use developer features of the Services, including
but not limited to Coinbase Connect
(OAuth2) and any
other resources or services available at https://developers.coinbase.com/ (the
“Developer Services”), you must separately agree to our Developer
Agreement upon
registering your application with Coinbase.
7.14. Taxes. It is your sole responsibility to determine whether, and to what
extent, any taxes apply to any transactions you conduct through the Coinbase
Services, and to withhold, collect, report and remit the correct amounts of
taxes to the appropriate tax authorities. Your transaction history is available
through your Coinbase Account(s).
7.15. No Investment Advice or Brokerage. For the avoidance of doubt, Coinbase
does not provide investment, tax, or legal advice, nor does Coinbase broker
trades on your behalf. All Coinbase trades are executed automatically, based on
the parameters of your order instructions and in accordance with posted Trade
execution procedures, and you are solely responsible for determining whether any
investment, investment strategy or related transaction is appropriate for you
based on your personal investment objectives, financial circumstances and risk
tolerance. You should consult your legal or tax professional regarding your
specific situation. Coinbase may provide educational information about Supported
Digital Currency, as well as Digital Currency not supported by Coinbase, in
order to assist users in learning more about such Digital Currency. Information
may include, but is not limited to, blog posts, articles, links to to
third-party content, news feeds, tutorials, and videos. The information provided
on this website or any third-party sites does not constitute investment advice,
financial advice, trading advice, or any other sort of advice, and you should
not treat any of the website's content as such. Coinbase does not recommend that
any Digital Currency should be bought, earned, sold, or held by you. Before
making the decision to buy, sell or hold any Digital Currency, you should
conduct your own due diligence and consult your financial advisors before making
any investment decision. Coinbase will not be held responsible for the decisions
you make to buy, sell, or hold Digital Currency based on the information
provided by Coinbase.
8. Customer Feedback, Queries, Complaints, and Dispute Resolution
8.1. Contact Coinbase. If you have feedback, or general questions, contact us
via our Customer Support webpage at https://support.coinbase.com. When you
contact us please provide us with your name, address, and any other information
we may need to identify you, your Coinbase Account(s), and the transaction on
which you have feedback or questions.
If you believe your account has been compromised, you may also report your claim
by calling (888) 908-7930. Coinbase requires that all legal documents
(including civil subpoenas, complaints, and small claims) be served on our
registered agent for service of process. Current contact information for our
registered agent in each state can be found
here.
Please note that our registered agent will accept service only if the entity
identified as the recipient of the document is identical to the entity
registered with the Secretary of State and for which our registered agent is
authorized to accept service. By accepting service of a legal document, Coinbase
does not waive any objections we may have and may raise in response to such
document.
8.2. Formal Complaint Process. If you have a dispute with Coinbase (a
“Complaint”), you agree to contact Coinbase through our support team to attempt
to resolve any such dispute amicably. If we cannot resolve the dispute through
the Coinbase support team, you and we agree to use the Formal Complaint Process
set forth below. You agree to use this process before filing any arbitration
claim or small claims action. If you do not follow the procedures set out in
this Section before filing an arbitration claim or suit in small claims court,
we shall have the right to ask the arbitrator or small claims court to dismiss
your filing unless and until you complete the following steps.
8.2.1. Procedural Steps. In the event that your dispute with Coinbase is not
resolved through your contact with Coinbase Support, you agree to use our
Complaint form to describe your Complaint, how you would like us to resolve the
Complaint, and any other information related to your dispute that you believe to
be relevant. The Complaint form can be found on the Coinbase support pages,
support.coinbase.com or can be requested from Coinbase Customer Support.
8.2.2. Coinbase Response. We will acknowledge receipt of your Complaint form
after you submit it. A Coinbase customer relations agent ("Agent") will review
your Complaint. The Agent will evaluate your Complaint based on the information
you have provided and information in the possession of Coinbase. Within 15
business days of our receipt of your Complaint form, the Agent will address the
issues raised in your Complaint form by sending you an e-mail ("Resolution
Notice") in which the Agent will: (i) offer to resolve your complaint in the way
you requested; (ii) make a determination rejecting your Complaint and set out
the reasons for the rejection; or (iii) offer to resolve your Complaint with an
alternative solution. In exceptional circumstances, if the Agent is unable to
respond to your Complaint within 15 business days for reasons beyond Coinbase's
control, the Agent will send you a communication indicating the reasons for any
delay in answering your Complaint, and specifying the deadline by which the
Agent will respond to your Complaint, which will be no later than 35 business
days from our receipt of your Complaint form.
8.3. Arbitration; Waiver of Class Action. If we cannot resolve the dispute
through the Formal Complaint Process, you and we agree that any dispute arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or the Coinbase Services, including,
without limitation, federal and state statutory claims, common law claims, and
those based in contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal
theory, shall be resolved through binding arbitration, on an individual basis
(the “Arbitration Agreement”). Subject to applicable jurisdictional
requirements, you may elect to pursue your claim in your local small claims
court rather than through arbitration so long as your matter remains in small
claims court and proceeds only on an individual (non-class and
non-representative) basis. Arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the
American Arbitration Association's rules for arbitration of consumer-related
disputes (accessible at
https://www.adr.org/sites/default/files/Consumer%20Rules.pdf).
This Arbitration Agreement includes, without limitation, disputes arising out of
or related to the interpretation or application of the Arbitration Agreement,
including the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the
Arbitration Agreement or any portion of the Arbitration Agreement. All such
matters shall be decided by an arbitrator and not by a court or judge.
CLASS ACTION WAIVER: TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, ALL CLAIMS MUST BE
BROUGHT IN A PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER
IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, COLLECTIVE ACTION, OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING
(COLLECTIVELY “CLASS ACTION WAIVER”). THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE
THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS OR ENGAGE IN ANY CLASS ARBITRATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE
THAT, BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, YOU AND COINBASE ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO
A TRIAL BY JURY AND THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION.
The arbitration will be conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator and shall take
place in the county or parish in which you reside, or another mutually agreeable
location, in the English language. The arbitrator may award any relief that a
court of competent jurisdiction could award and the arbitral decision may be
enforced in any court. An arbitrator’s decision and judgment thereon will not
have a precedential or collateral estoppel effect. At your request, hearings may
be conducted in person or by telephone and the arbitrator may provide for
submitting and determining motions on briefs, without oral hearings. To the
extent permitted by law, the prevailing party in any action or proceeding to
enforce this Agreement, any arbitration pursuant to this Agreement,
or any small claims action shall be entitled to costs and attorneys' fees. If
the arbitrator or arbitration administrator would impose filing fees or other
administrative costs on you, we will reimburse you, upon request, to the extent
such fees or costs would exceed those that you would otherwise have to pay if
you were proceeding instead in a court. We will also pay additional fees or
costs if required to do so by the arbitration administrator's rules or
applicable law.
9. General Provisions
9.1. Computer Viruses. We shall not bear any liability, whatsoever, for any
damage or interruptions caused by any computer viruses or other malicious code
that may affect your computer or other equipment, or any phishing, spoofing or
other attack. We advise the regular use of a reputable and readily available
virus screening and prevention software. You should also be aware that SMS and
email services are vulnerable to spoofing and phishing attacks and should use
care in reviewing messages purporting to originate from Coinbase. Always log
into your Coinbase Account(s) through the Coinbase Site to review any
transactions or required actions if you have any uncertainty regarding the
authenticity of any communication or notice.
9.2. Release of Coinbase; Indemnification. If you have a dispute with one or
more users of the Coinbase Services, you release Coinbase, its affiliates and
service providers, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents,
joint venturers, employees and representatives from any and all claims, demands
and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature arising out of
or in any way connected with such disputes. You agree to indemnify and hold
Coinbase, its affiliates and Service Providers, and each of its or their
respective officers, directors, agents, joint venturers, employees and
representatives, harmless from any claim or demand (including attorneys' fees
and any fines, fees or penalties imposed by any regulatory authority) arising
out of or related to your breach of this Agreement or your violation of any law,
rule or regulation, or the rights of any third party.
9.3. Limitation of Liability; No Warranty. IN NO EVENT SHALL COINBASE, ITS
AFFILIATES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, AGENTS, JOINT VENTURERS, EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES, BE LIABLE (A)
FOR ANY AMOUNT GREATER THAN THE VALUE OF THE SUPPORTED DIGITAL CURRENCY ON
DEPOSIT IN YOUR COINBASE ACCOUNT(S) OR (B) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DIMINUTION IN
VALUE OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, ANY LOSS, DAMAGE, CORRUPTION OR BREACH OF DATA OR
ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE PROPERTY OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, INTANGIBLE,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH AUTHORIZED OR
UNAUTHORIZED USE OF THE COINBASE SITE OR THE COINBASE SERVICES, OR THIS
AGREEMENT, EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF COINBASE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
OR KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY AGREED OR OTHER REMEDY OF ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT OF A FINAL JUDICIAL DETERMINATION THAT SUCH
DAMAGES WERE A RESULT OF COINBASE’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, FRAUD, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT
OR INTENTIONAL VIOLATION OF LAW. THIS MEANS, BY WAY OF EXAMPLE ONLY (AND WITHOUT
LIMITING THE SCOPE OF THE PRECEDING SENTENCE), THAT IF YOU CLAIM THAT COINBASE
FAILED TO PROCESS A BUY OR SELL TRANSACTION PROPERLY, YOUR DAMAGES ARE LIMITED
TO NO MORE THAN THE VALUE OF THE SUPPORTED DIGITAL CURRENCY AT ISSUE IN THE
TRANSACTION, AND THAT YOU MAY NOT RECOVER FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITIES, DIMINUTION IN VALUE OR OTHER TYPES OF SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
INDIRECT, INTANGIBLE, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF
THE VALUE OF THE SUPPORTED DIGITAL CURRENCY AT ISSUE IN THE TRANSACTION. SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
THE COINBASE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS
WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, COINBASE SPECIFICALLY
DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. COINBASE DOES NOT MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT ACCESS TO THE SITE, ANY PART OF THE COINBASE
SERVICES, OR ANY OF THE MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN, WILL BE CONTINUOUS,
UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, OR ERROR-FREE. COINBASE DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT ANY
ORDER WILL BE EXECUTED, ACCEPTED, RECORDED OR REMAIN OPEN. EXCEPT FOR THE
EXPRESS STATEMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE
THAT YOU HAVE NOT RELIED UPON ANY OTHER STATEMENT OR UNDERSTANDING, WHETHER
WRITTEN OR ORAL, WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE AND ACCESS OF THE COINBASE SERVICES
AND COINBASE SITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU HEREBY UNDERSTAND AND
AGREE THAT COINBASE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO: (A) ANY INACCURACY, DEFECT OR OMISSION OF DIGITAL CURRENCY PRICE
DATA, (B) ANY ERROR OR DELAY IN THE TRANSMISSION OF SUCH DATA, OR (C)
INTERRUPTION IN ANY SUCH DATA.
Coinbase makes no representations about the accuracy, order, timeliness or
completeness of historical Digital Currency price data available on the Coinbase
Site. Coinbase will make reasonable efforts to ensure that requests for
electronic debits and credits involving bank accounts, credit cards, and check
issuances are processed in a timely manner but Coinbase makes no representations
or warranties regarding the amount of time needed to complete processing which
is dependent upon many factors outside of our control.
IF YOU ARE A NEW JERSEY RESIDENT, the provisions of this Section 9.3 are
intended to apply only to the extent permitted under New Jersey law.
9.4. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Privacy Policy, E-Sign Consent, and
Appendices incorporated by reference herein comprise the entire understanding
and agreement between you and Coinbase as to the subject matter hereof, and
supersedes any and all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any
kind (including without limitation any prior versions of this Agreement), and
every nature between and among you and Coinbase. Section headings in this
Agreement are for convenience only and shall not govern the meaning or
interpretation of any provision of this Agreement.
9.5. Amendments. We may amend or modify this Agreement by posting on the
Coinbase Site or emailing to you the revised Agreement, and the revised
Agreement shall be effective at such time. If you do not agree with any such
modification, your sole and exclusive remedy is to terminate your use of the
Services and close your account. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or
any third party for any modification or termination of the Coinbase Services, or
suspension or termination of your access to the Coinbase Services, except to the
extent otherwise expressly set forth herein. If the revised Agreement includes a
material change, we will endeavor to provide you advanced notice via our website
and/or email before the material change becomes effective.
9.6. Assignment. You may not assign any rights and/or licenses granted under
this Agreement. We reserve the right to assign our rights without restriction,
including without limitation to any Coinbase affiliates or subsidiaries, or to
any successor in interest of any business associated with the Coinbase Services.
Any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be null and void.
Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of
the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
9.7. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be
invalid or unenforceable under any rule, law, or regulation of any local, state,
or federal government agency, such provision will be changed and interpreted to
accomplish the objectives of the provision to the greatest extent possible under
any applicable law and the validity or enforceability of any other provision of
this Agreement shall not be affected.
9.8. Change of Control. In the event that Coinbase is acquired by or merged
with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances,
to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of such
merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
9.9. Survival. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature extend
beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement, including, without
limitation, sections pertaining to suspension or termination, Coinbase Account
cancellation, debts owed to Coinbase, general use of the Coinbase Site, disputes
with Coinbase, and general provisions, shall survive the termination or
expiration of this Agreement.
9.10. Governing Law. You agree that the laws of the State of California,
without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern this Agreement and
any claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and Coinbase,
except to the extent governed by federal law.
9.11. Force Majeure. We shall not be liable for delays, failure in performance
or interruption of service which result directly or indirectly from any cause or
condition beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to,
significant market volatility, any delay or failure due to any act of God, act
of civil or military authorities, act of terrorists, civil disturbance, war,
strike or other labor dispute, fire, interruption in telecommunications or
Internet services or network provider services, failure of equipment and/or
software, other catastrophe or any other occurrence which is beyond our
reasonable control and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions.
9.12. Non-Waiver of Rights. This agreement shall not be construed to waive
rights that cannot be waived under applicable state money transmission laws in
the state where you are located.
APPENDIX 1: Prohibited Use, Prohibited Businesses and Conditional Use
Prohibited Use
You may not use your Coinbase Account(s) to engage in the
following categories of activity ("Prohibited Uses"). The specific types of use
listed below are representative, but not exhaustive. If you are uncertain as to
whether or not your use of Coinbase Services involves a Prohibited Use, or have
questions about how these requirements apply to you, please contact us at
https://support.coinbase.com. By opening a Coinbase Account, you confirm that
you will not use your Account to do any of the following:

Unlawful Activity: Activity which would violate, or assist in violation of, any
law, statute, ordinance, or regulation, sanctions programs administered in the
countries where Coinbase conducts business, including but not limited to the
U.S. Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), or
which would involve proceeds of any unlawful activity; publish, distribute or
disseminate any unlawful material or information
Abusive Activity: Actions which impose an unreasonable or disproportionately
large load on our infrastructure, or detrimentally interfere with, intercept, or
expropriate any system, data, or information; transmit or upload any material to
the Coinbase Site that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, or any other
harmful or deleterious programs; attempt to gain unauthorized access to the
Coinbase Site, other Coinbase Accounts, computer systems or networks connected
to the Coinbase Site, through password mining or any other means; use Coinbase
Account information of another party to access or use the Coinbase Site, except
in the case of specific Merchants and/or applications which are specifically
authorized by a user to access such user's Coinbase Account and information; or
transfer your account access or rights to your account to a third party, unless
by operation of law or with the express permission of Coinbase.
Abuse Other Users: Interfere with another individual's or entity's access to or
use of any Coinbase Services; defame, abuse, extort, harass, stalk, threaten or
otherwise violate or infringe the legal rights (such as, but not limited to,
rights of privacy, publicity and intellectual property) of others; incite,
threaten, facilitate, promote, or encourage hate, racial intolerance, or violent
acts against others; harvest or otherwise collect information from the Coinbase
Site about others, including without limitation email addresses, without proper
consent
Fraud: Activity which operates to defraud Coinbase, Coinbase users, or any other
person; provide any false, inaccurate, or misleading information to Coinbase
Gambling: Lotteries; bidding fee auctions; sports forecasting or odds making;
fantasy sports leagues with cash prizes; internet gaming; contests; sweepstakes;
games of chance
Intellectual Property Infringement: Engage in transactions involving items that
infringe or violate any copyright, trademark, right of publicity or privacy or
any other proprietary right under the law, including but not limited to sales,
distribution, or access to counterfeit music, movies, software, or other
licensed materials without the appropriate authorization from the rights holder;
use of Coinbase intellectual property, name, or logo, including use of Coinbase
trade or service marks, without express consent from Coinbase or in a manner
that otherwise harms Coinbase or the Coinbase brand; any action that implies an
untrue endorsement by or affiliation with Coinbase

Prohibited Businesses
In addition to the Prohibited Uses described above, the following categories of
businesses, business practices, and sale items are barred from Coinbase Services
("Prohibited Businesses"). Most Prohibited Businesses categories are imposed by
Card Network rules or the requirements of our banking providers or processors.
The specific types of use listed below are representative, but not exhaustive.
If you are uncertain as to whether or not your use of Coinbase Services involves
a Prohibited Business, or have questions about how these requirements apply to
you, please contact us at https://support.coinbase.com.
By opening a Coinbase Account, you confirm that you will not use Coinbase
Services in connection with any of following businesses, activities, practices,
or items:

Investment and Credit Services: Securities brokers; mortgage consulting or debt
reduction services; credit counseling or repair; real estate opportunities;
investment schemes
Restricted Financial Services: Check cashing, bail bonds; collections agencies.
Intellectual Property or Proprietary Rights Infringement: Sales, distribution,
or access to counterfeit music, movies, software, or other licensed materials
without the appropriate authorization from the rights holder
Counterfeit or Unauthorized Goods: Unauthorized sale or resale of brand name or
designer products or services; sale of goods or services that are illegally
imported or exported or which are stolen
Regulated Products and Services: Marijuana dispensaries and related businesses;
sale of tobacco, e-cigarettes, and e-liquid; online prescription or
pharmaceutical services; age restricted goods or services; weapons and
munitions; gunpowder and other explosives; fireworks and related goods; toxic,
flammable, and radioactive materials; products and services with varying legal
status on a state-by-state basis
Drugs and Drug Paraphernalia: Sale of narcotics, controlled substances, and any
equipment designed for making or using drugs, such as bongs, vaporizers, and
hookahs
Pseudo-Pharmaceuticals: Pharmaceuticals and other products that make health
claims that have not been approved or verified by the applicable local and/or
national regulatory body
Substances designed to mimic illegal drugs: Sale of a legal substance that
provides the same effect as an illegal drug (e.g., salvia, kratom)
Adult Content and Services: Pornography and other obscene materials (including
literature, imagery and other media); sites offering any sexually-related
services such as prostitution, escorts, pay-per view, adult live chat features
Multi-level Marketing: Pyramid schemes, network marketing, and referral
marketing programs
Unfair, predatory or deceptive practices: Investment opportunities or other
services that promise high rewards; Sale or resale of a service without added
benefit to the buyer; resale of government offerings without authorization or
added value; sites that we determine in our sole discretion to be unfair,
deceptive, or predatory towards consumers
High risk businesses: any businesses that we believe poses elevated financial
risk, legal liability, or violates card network or bank policies

Conditional Use
Express written consent and approval from Coinbase must be
obtained prior to using Coinbase Services for the following categories of
business and/or use ("Conditional Uses"). Consent may be requested by contacting
us at https://support.coinbase.com. Coinbase may also require you to agree to
additional conditions, make supplemental representations and warranties,
complete enhanced on-boarding procedures, and operate subject to restrictions if
you use Coinbase Services in connection with any of following businesses,
activities, or practices:

Money Services: Money transmitters, Digital Currency transmitters; currency or
Digital Currency exchanges or dealers; gift cards; prepaid cards; sale of
in-game currency unless the merchant is the operator of the virtual world; act
as a payment intermediary or aggregator or otherwise resell any of the Coinbase
Services
Charities: Acceptance of donations for nonprofit enterprise
Games of Skill: Games which are not defined as gambling under this Agreement or
by law, but which require an entry fee and award a prize
Religious/Spiritual Organizations: Operation of a for-profit religious or
spiritual organization

APPENDIX 2: Verification Procedures and Limits
As a regulated financial service company operating in the US we are required to
identify users on our platform. This ensures we remain in compliance with
KYC/AML laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, something that is
necessary for us to be able to continue to offer digital currency exchange
services to our customers. Coinbase collects and verifies information about you
in order to: (a) protect Coinbase and the community from fraudulent users, and
(b) to keep appropriate records of Coinbase's customers. Your daily or weekly
Conversion limits, Coinbase Pro deposit, withdrawal and trading limits, Instant
Buy limits, USD Wallet transfer limits, and limits on transactions from a linked
payment method are based on the identifying information and/or proof of identity
you provide to Coinbase.
All U.S. customers who wish to use Coinbase Services are required to establish a
Coinbase Account by:

Providing your name and valid email address, a password and your state of
residence,
Certifying that you are 18 years or older,
Accepting User Agreement and Privacy Policy, and
Verifying your identity by submitting the following information:

Name
DOB
Physical address
SSN (or ID # from gov’t issued ID)
Source of funds
Income/employment information (US only)
Explanation of activity (US only)


All U.S. customers who wish to send and received Digital Currency on to the
blockchain are required to:

Submit a copy of an acceptable form of identification (i.e. passport, state
driver's license, or state identification card), and
Submit a picture of yourself or a selfie from your webcam or mobile phone.

Notwithstanding these minimum verification procedures for the referenced
Coinbase Services, Coinbase may require you to provide or verify additional
information, or to wait some amount of time after completion of a transaction,
before permitting you to use any Coinbase Services and/or before permitting you
to engage in transactions beyond certain volume limits. You may determine the
volume limits associated with your level of identity verification by visiting
your account's Limits page.
You may contact us at https://support.coinbase.com to request larger limits.
Coinbase will require you to submit to Enhanced Due Diligence. Additional fees
and costs may apply, and Coinbase does not guarantee that we will raise your
limits.
APPENDIX 3: E-Sign Disclosure and Consent
This policy describes how Coinbase delivers communications to you
electronically. We may amend this policy at any time by providing a revised
version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we
post it. We will provide you with prior notice of any material changes via our
website.
Electronic Delivery of Communications
You agree and consent to receive electronically all communications, agreements,
documents, notices and disclosures (collectively, "Communications") that we
provide in connection with your Coinbase Account(s) and your use of Coinbase
Services. Communications include:

Terms of use and policies you agree to (e.g., the Coinbase User Agreement and
Privacy Policy), including updates to these agreements or policies;
Account details, history, transaction receipts, confirmations, and any other
Account or transaction information;
Legal, regulatory, and tax disclosures or statements we may be required to make
available to you; and
Responses to claims or customer support inquiries filed in connection with your
Account.

We will provide these Communications to you by posting them on the Coinbase
website, emailing them to you at the primary email address listed in your
Coinbase profile, communicating to you via instant chat, and/or through other
electronic communication such as text message or mobile push notification.
Hardware and Software Requirements
In order to access and retain electronic Communications, you will need the
following computer hardware and software:

A device with an Internet connection;
A current web browser that includes 128-bit encryption (e.g. Internet Explorer
version 9.0 and above, Firefox version 3.6 and above, Chrome version 31.0 and
above, or Safari 7.0 and above) with cookies enabled;
A valid email address (your primary email address on file with Coinbase); and
Sufficient storage space to save past Communications or an installed printer to
print them.

How to Withdraw Your Consent
You may withdraw your consent to receive Communications electronically by
contacting us at https://support.coinbase.com . If you fail to provide or if you
withdraw your consent to receive Communications electronically, Coinbase
reserves the right to immediately close your Account or charge you additional
fees for paper copies.
Updating your Information
It is your responsibility to provide us with a true, accurate and complete
e-mail address and your contact information, and to keep such information up to
date. You understand and agree that if Coinbase sends you an electronic
Communication but you do not receive it because your primary email address on
file is incorrect, out of date, blocked by your service provider, or you are
otherwise unable to receive electronic Communications, Coinbase will be deemed
to have provided the Communication to you.
You may update your information by logging into your account and visiting
settings or by contacting our support team at https://support.coinbase.com.
APPENDIX 4: State License Disclosures
Coinbase maintains licenses to engage in money transmission activities in many
states, and these licenses may impact our provision and your use of certain
Coinbase Services depending on where you live. Coinbase's licenses and
corresponding required disclosures can be found on the Coinbase
Licenses page, which is incorporated by
reference.
If you live in the following jurisdictions, we are required to provide you with
the following information:
Alaska Please note that this license does not cover the transmission of virtual
currency. If you have a complaint or other concern about Alaska money services
licensees, authorized delegates, and the money services provided by money
services licensees and authorized delegates, you may contact the Alaska
Department of Commerce, Community, and Economic Development, Division of Banking
and Securities at (907) 465-2521.
Florida If you have a question or complaint, please contact the consumer
assistance division of Coinbase at https://support.coinbase.com or
1-888-908-7930.
NOTICE by the Florida Office of Financial Regulation: BY GRANTING COINBASE A
LICENSE, THE FLORIDA OFFICE OF FINANCIAL REGULATION IS NOT ENDORSING THE USE OF
DIGITAL OR VIRTUAL CURRENCIES.

U.S. currency is legal tender backed by the U.S. government.
Digital and virtual currencies are not issued or backed by the U.S. government,
or related in any way to U.S. currency, and have fewer regulatory protections.
The value of digital and virtual currencies is derived from supply and demand in
the global marketplace which can rise or fall independently of any fiat
(government) currency.
Holding digital and virtual currencies carries exchange rate and other types of
risk.

POTENTIAL USERS OF DIGITAL OR VIRTUAL CURRENCIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
BITCOIN, SHOULD BE FOREWARNED OF A POSSIBLE FINANCIAL LOSS AT THE TIME THAT
SUCH CURRENCIES ARE EXCHANGED FOR FIAT CURRENCY DUE TO AN UNFAVORABLE EXCHANGE
RATE. A FAVORABLE EXCHANGE RATE AT THE TIME OF EXCHANGE CAN RESULT IN A TAX
LIABILITY. PLEASE CONSULT YOUR TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES
ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR HOLDING OR USE OF DIGITAL OR VIRTUAL CURRENCIES.
Louisiana Coinbase is licensed by the Louisiana Office of Financial Institutions
as a money transmitter. The Louisiana Office of Financial Institutions does not
license or regulate services related to virtual currency, including but not
limited to transmission or exchange which may be conducted by Coinbase.
Maryland The Commissioner of Financial Regulation for the State of Maryland will
accept all questions or complaints from Maryland residents regarding Coinbase,
Inc. (License No. 12-1163082 and NMLS ID: 1163082) by contacting the
Commissioner's office at: 500 North Calvert Street, Suite 402, Baltimore,
Maryland 21202, or (888) 784-0136.
New York Coinbase holds licenses issued by the New York State Department of
Financial Services ("NYDFS") to engage in money transmission and virtual
currency business activity, respectively. If you have a complaint, please
contact us at https://support.coinbase.com or 1-888-908-7930. New York consumers
may also direct unresolved complaints directly to NYDFS at the NYDFS Consumer
Complaint
Portal
or by contacting the NYDFS as follows: NYDFS Consumer Assistance Unit, One
Commerce Plaza, Albany, NY 12257, 1-800-342-3736.
Please note the following disclosures associated with virtual currency:

Virtual currency is not legal tender, is not backed by the government, and
accounts and value balances are not subject to Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation or Securities Investor Protection Corporation protections.
Legislative and regulatory changes or actions at the state, federal, or
international level may adversely affect the use, transfer, exchange, and value
of virtual currency.
Transactions in virtual currency may be irreversible, and, accordingly, losses
due to fraudulent or accidental transactions may not be recoverable.
Some virtual currency transactions shall be deemed to be made when recorded on a
public ledger, which is not necessarily the date or time that the customer
initiates the transaction.
The value of virtual currency may be derived from the continued willingness of
market participants to exchange fiat currency for virtual currency, which may
result in the potential for permanent and total loss of value of a particular
virtual currency should the market for that virtual currency disappear.
There is no assurance that a person who accepts a virtual currency as payment
today will continue to do so in the future.
The volatility and unpredictability of the price of virtual currency relative to
fiat currency may result in significant loss over a short period of time.
The nature of virtual currency may lead to an increased risk of fraud or cyber
attack.
The nature of virtual currency means that any technological difficulties
experienced by Coinbase may prevent the access or use of a customer’s virtual
currency.
Any bond or trust account maintained by Coinbase for the benefit of its
customers may not be sufficient to cover all losses incurred by customers.

Texas If you have a complaint, please contact the consumer assistance division
of Coinbase at https://support.coinbase.com or 1-888-908-7930. If you still have
an unresolved complaint regarding Coinbase's money transmission activity, please
direct your complaint to: Texas Department of Banking, 2601 North Lamar
Boulevard, Austin, Texas 78705, 1-877-276-5554 (toll free), or
www.dob.texas.gov.
Tennessee Please note that Coinbase's Tennessee license and the required surety
bond do not cover the transmission of virtual currency. Coinbase is licensed by
the Tennessee Department of Financial Institutions as a money transmitter. The
Tennessee Department of Financial Institutions does not regulate virtual
currency.
Virginia Coinbase is licensed by the Virginia State Corporation Commission as a
money transmitter, but such license does not cover the transmission of virtual
currency (Bitcoin).
Washington Fraudulent transactions may result in the loss of your money with no
recourse. In addition, please note the following disclosures associated with
transactions with virtual currency:

A schedule of all fees and charges Coinbase may assess on a transaction can be
found here:
https://support.coinbase.com/customer/en/portal/articles/2109597-coinbase-pricing-fees-disclosures.
All fees and charges are disclosed prior to completing your transaction, and the
fees and charges are assessed at the time of the transaction.
Virtual currency is not legal tender, is not backed by the government, and
accounts and value balances are not insured against theft or loss by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.
Coinbase maintains about 98% or more of customer digital currency in cold
storage, with the remainder in secure online servers as necessary to serve the
liquidity needs of our customers. Coinbase maintains commercial criminal
insurance in an aggregate amount that is greater than the value of digital
currency we maintain in online storage. Our insurance policy insures against
theft of digital currency that results from a security breach or hack, employee
theft, or fraudulent transfer. Our policy does not cover any losses resulting
from unauthorized access to your personal Coinbase or Coinbase Pro account(s).
It is your responsibility to use a strong password and maintain control of all
login credentials you use to access Coinbase and Coinbase Pro. For more
information about our insurance program, see
https://www.coinbase.com/legal/insurance?locale=en-US.
Transactions in virtual currency are irrevocable, and, accordingly, losses due
to fraudulent or accidental transactions may not be recoverable. Additionally,
the nature of virtual currency may lead to an increased risk of fraud or cyber
attack, and the value of your virtual currency stored with Coinbase may be
irretrievably stolen.
Coinbase is not liable for unauthorized, mistaken, or accidental transfers. If
you mistakenly or accidentally transfer virtual currency, or if an unauthorized
transfer occurs or you believe your account has been compromised, you must
notify Coinbase immediately. Coinbase will investigate your claim, determine the
proper course of action, and notify you as appropriate. Pending completion of
the investigation, Coinbase may temporarily block access to your account,
require you to reset your password, or take other action as appropriate.

PART 2. Coinbase Pro
1. Coinbase Pro Accounts.
1.1 Access to Coinbase Pro. Eligible users may establish an account at Coinbase Pro (at pro.coinbase.com), an order book exchange platform for Digital Currencies. Coinbase does not offer Coinbase Pro to customers in all jurisdictions. This Part 2 of the User Agreement applies to you if you access Coinbase Pro.
1.2 Order Books. Coinbase Pro offers an order book for various Digital Currency and Fiat Currency trading pairs (each an 'Order Book'). Refer to your Coinbase Pro account to determine which Order Books are available to you.
1.3 Your Coinbase Pro Account. Your Coinbase Pro Account consists of the following.

A dedicated Hosted Digital Currency Wallet for each Digital Currency offered on Coinbase Pro.
A dedicated Fiat Currency Wallet.
Associated user tools, accessible at pro.coinbase.com and through Coinbase Pro API.

1.4 Deposits. You may fund your Coinbase Pro Account by depositing Digital Currency and/or Fiat Currency from your basic Coinbase Account, Bank Account or an external Digital Currency address into your Coinbase Pro Account. Funds in your Coinbase Pro Account can be used only to trade on Coinbase Pro.
1.5 Withdrawals. You may withdraw Digital Currency from your Coinbase Pro Account by transfer to your basic Coinbase Account or to an external Digital Currency address. You may withdraw Fiat Currency from your Coinbase Pro Account to your basic Coinbase Account or directly to your Bank Account.
ALL DEPOSITS AND WITHDRAWALS MAY BE SUBJECT TO LIMITS. ALL LIMITS WILL BE DISPLAYED IN YOUR Coinbase Pro ACCOUNT.
1.6 Withdrawal Fees. Coinbase may also charge a fee on certain Fiat Currency deposit or withdrawal methods (e.g. bank wire). All such fees will be clearly displayed in your Coinbase Pro Account.
2. Trading Rules and Trading Fees
2.1 Trading Rules. By accessing Coinbase Pro through pro.coinbase.com or Coinbase Pro API, you accept and agree to be bound by the Trading Rules
2.2. Trading Fees.
By placing an order on Coinbase Pro, you agree to pay all applicable fees and you authorize Coinbase to automatically deduct fees directly from your Coinbase Pro Account. Trading Fees are set forth in the Trading Rules and at pro.coinbase.com/fees
3. General Use, Restrictions, and Cancellation.
3.1. Trading Account Use. By using a Coinbase Pro Account you agree and represent that you will use Coinbase Pro only for yourself as Account owner, and not on behalf of any third party, unless you have obtained prior approval from Coinbase. You may not sell, lease, furnish or otherwise permit or provide access to your Trading Account to any other entity or to any individual that is not your employee or agent. You accept full responsibility for your employees' or agents' use of Coinbase Pro, whether such use is directly through Coinbase Pro website or by other means, such as those facilitated through API keys, and/or applications which you may authorize. You understand and agree that you are responsible for any and all orders, trades, and other instructions entered into Coinbase Pro including identifiers, permissions, passwords, and security codes associated with your Coinbase Pro Account.
3.2. Suspension and Cancellation. We may suspend your Coinbase Pro Account or your access to any one for more Order Books in accordance with the User Agreement Account suspension and termination provisions. Suspension or termination of your Coinbase Pro Account shall not affect the payment of fees or other amounts you owe to Coinbase. In the event that your Basic Coinbase Account is suspended or terminated, we will immediately cancel all open orders associated with your Coinbase Pro Account, block all withdrawals and bar the placing of further orders until resolution or Account cancellation.
3.3. No Warranty. We do not represent that Coinbase Pro and/or its constituent Coinbase Pro Accounts, APIs, and related services, will be available without interruption. Although we will strive to provide you with continuous operations, we do not guarantee continuous access or that there will be no delays, failures, errors, omissions or loss of transmitted information, nor do we guarantee that any order will be executed, accepted, recorded, or remain open. Coinbase reserves the right to cancel any open trades and/or suspend Coinbase Pro activity in accordance with the Trading Rules.
3.4. No Investment Advice or Brokerage. For the avoidance of doubt, Coinbase does not provide investment, tax, or legal advice, nor does Coinbase broker trades on your behalf. All Coinbase Pro trades are executed automatically, based on the parameters of your order instructions and in accordance with posted Trade execution procedures, and you are solely responsible for determining whether any investment, investment strategy or related transaction is appropriate for you based on your personal investment objectives, financial circumstances and risk tolerance. You should consult your legal or tax professional regarding your specific situation.
3.5. Debts. In the event that there are outstanding amounts owed to us hereunder, including in your Coinbase Account, Coinbase reserves the right to debit your Coinbase Pro Account accordingly and/or to withhold amounts from funds you may transfer from your Coinbase Pro Account to your Coinbase Account.
