Privacy & Cookies PolicyCookies are small text files stored into the memory of your browser by a website. This allows the website to keep track of your browsing activities through the pages. Endian uses cookies in order to improve your user experience. If you don’t agree with our cookies policy, please read below and discover how to disable cookies.Types of cookies that may be used during your visit to the Website:The following types of cookies are used on this website. We don’t list every single cookie used by name – but for each type of cookie we tell you how you can control its use.1. Analytics cookiesThese monitor how visitors move around the Website and how they reached it. This is used so that we can see total (not individual) figures on which types of content users enjoy most, for instance.You can opt out of these if you want:2. Third-party service cookiesSocial sharing, video and other services we offer are run by other companies. These companies may drop cookies on your computer when you use them on our site or if you are already logged in to them.Here is a list of places where you can find out more about specific services that we may use and their use of cookies:3. Site management cookiesThese are used to maintain your identity or session on the Website. For instance, where our websites run on more than one server, we use a cookie to ensure that you are sent information by one specific server (otherwise you may log in or out unexpectedly).These cookies cannot be turned off individually but you could change your browser setting to refuse all cookies (see below) if you do not wish to accept them.These links explain how you can control cookies via your browser – remember that if you turn off cookies in your browser then these settings apply to all websites not just this one:Copyright 2019 Endian Spa | via Ipazia 2  | I-39100 Bolzano, (BZ) Italy | P.IVA 02472130216 - Numero REA: 180987  Endian uses own and third parties cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience and to help us improve the site. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.AcceptRead More 