
It is within the Museum's legitimate interests to hold and analyse your data to continue to improve our understanding of our target audiences and supporters. This is so we can provide world-class, transformative, visitor-focused experiences, customer service and educational engagement, and effective and appropriate supporter engagement. We are also looking at how we might in the future use the latest technologies to improve and personalise the services that we offer.
Visitor analytics data is collected on an anonymous basis wherever possible, or pseudonymised so that individuals cannot be readily identified. This includes monitoring visitor numbers and tracking movement of people and collections of individuals around the Museum. (For more information see sections on cookies and Wi-Fi.)
We carry out customer analytics to improve our understanding of our target audiences. We do this by analysing your commercial transactions (eg ticket and retail purchases) and activities (eg email interaction with the Museum, use of Museum Wi-Fi). This helps us target our marketing more efficiently, and personalise and improve your experience if you have consented to receive marketing from us, by providing the most relevant and timely content.  
You can object to our carrying out this kind of activity for marketing purposes by using this form, and we will review our basis for doing so in your case. Please note that objecting to this activity will mean that you are automatically unsubscribed from marketing.
Prospect research (that is, building up a profile of a particular individual, their interests, suitability and likelihood they will donate to the Museum) is fundamental to the ability to generate income through fundraising, as the Museum is expected to do.  We may therefore analyse personal information collected from you, from publicly available sources and occasionally from third parties, to create a profile of your interests and preferences.
This helps us understand the background of the people who support us, and enables us to contact you in the most appropriate way, with the most relevant information. You can object to our carrying out this kind of activity for fundraising purposes by emailing devcomms@nhm.ac.uk, and we will review our basis for doing so in your case.


