
Last modified 1/1/15
Summary of Most Recent Significant Changes
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BECAUSE THEY DESCRIBE YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
This is the official Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement") for the specific Internet website, application or other interactive service ("Site," "we," "us" or "our") that includes an authorized link to this Agreement.  The Site is owned, operated and/or provided by RateMyProfessors.com LLC ("RMP"), a subsidiary of Viacom International Inc., which offers television channel or programming services (such as Internet websites, applications or other interactive services) and offers other products and services under various brands, such as those Viacom Media Networks brands listed here (each, a "VMN Brand" and, this Site together with the associated VII television channel or programming service, if any, the "Channel").  RMP and Viacom International Inc., along with their Affiliates, shall be referred to collectively as "VII".  "Affiliates" refers to Viacom International Inc.'s parent company Viacom Inc. and all corporate affiliates that Viacom Inc. directly or indirectly owns or controls (such as Paramount Pictures Corporation and the other corporate affiliates of Viacom Media Networks as described in the link here).  "VII Brands" refers to the brands under which VII offers products and services, including, but not limited to, the VMN Brands and other brands under which VII offers products and services.
Terms of Use Agreement Highlights
For your convenience, the following highlights provide a quick summary of our Terms of Use Agreement. Please read the entire Terms of Use Agreement for more detailed information, as the highlights are only intended as a quick summary and not as a full description of what the Terms of Use Agreement provides. If you have questions about this Terms of Use Agreement, please contact us via the Contact Us page.
Terms of Use Agreement Scope; Eligibility; Additional Terms
This Terms of Use Agreement describes your rights and responsibilities relating to the Site that provides an authorized link to this Terms of Use Agreement and is a legally binding agreement between you, on the one hand, and the Channel and VII, on the other hand.  Additional terms that govern certain products or services (for example, rules of participation in contests and sweepstakes and Site Guidelines) are also applicable if you participate in those products and/or services and are incorporated into these Terms of Use Agreement by reference.
There are age and other eligibility requirements for this Site.  This Site is governed by and operated under U.S. law.
Read more
Modifications to this Agreement
We may modify this Terms of Use Agreement from time to time.  We shall post or display notices of material changes on the Site and/or e-mail you or notify you upon login about these changes; the form of such notice is at our discretion. Once we post them on the Site, these changes become effective immediately and if you use the Site after they become effective it will signify your agreement to be bound by the changes.
Read more
Rules of Conduct
You agree not to use the Site in prohibited ways.
Read more
Shopping
Additional Terms apply to any e-Commerce we make available through the Site.
Read more
Postings
You are responsible for any content that you post (or which is posted under your name or username) on or through the Site and make certain representations and warranties regarding any content that you post.  You also grant VII and the Channel certain rights to use any such content.  We reserve the right to review, monitor, edit and/or screen any content you post and, if we determine that a post does or may violate this Terms of Use Agreement, we may also take other actions such as refusing to allow you to post, revoking your right to use the Site and using other means to enforce the terms of this Terms of Use Agreement.
Read more
Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or Use
You may deactivate your account at any time.  We may terminate your use of, and/or registration on, the Site at any time for any or no reason.
Read more
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
You understand that the Site is made available "as is" and "as available" without any guaranty, representations and warranties.  You understand that the Site, VII and the Channel disclaim any and all warranties regarding the Site and are not liable for any loss or damage of any kind relating to the Site or this Agreement.  The Site is maintained on servers in the U.S.
Read more
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify the Site, Channel, VII and others as described from claims relating to your breach or violation of this Terms of Use Agreement, your use of the Site or the public posting or other permitted use of your posts.
Read more
Governing Law, Jurisdiction, Venue and Jury Trial Waiver
Any claim relating to your use of the Site and this Agreement is subject to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state or federal courts in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, State of New York.  New York laws apply.
Read more
This Agreement covers the following areas:
1. Eligibility; Additional Terms; Binding Agreement.
2. Registration.
3. Modifications to this Agreement.
4. Ownership of Intellectual Property.
5. Advertising.
6. Rules of Conduct.
7. Shopping.
8. [reserved]
9. Closed Captioning of Internet Protocol-Delivered Video Programming.
10. Postings.
11. Contest, Sweepstakes, Voting Rules, Auctions and Orhwe Promotions.
12. Certain Products or Services.
13. Hyperlinks to Third Party Sites.
14. Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or Use.
15. Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability. 
16. Indemnification.
17. Ads and Malware.
18. Privacy.
19. [reserved]
20. Governing Law, Jurisdiction, Venue and Jury Trial Waiver.
21. Miscellaneous Terms.
1.  ELIGIBILITY; ADDITIONAL TERMS; BINDING AGREEMENT.
This Site is offered and made available only to users 17 years of age or older (the "Site Minimum Age") who reside in the United States of America, its territories and possessions ("U.S.") or attend, have attended or teach at a university in the U.S., United Kingdom or Canada (the "Site School Requirements") and certain features on this Site may be subject to heightened age and/or other eligibility requirements. If you are not yet the Site Minimum Age or the required greater age for certain features, do not meet the Site School Requirements and/or do not meet any other eligibility requirements, please discontinue using the Site immediately or, if for any reason, you do not agree with all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, please discontinue using the Site immediately, because by using or attempting to use the Site, you certify that you are at least the Site Minimum Age or other required greater age for certain features and meet the Site School Requirements and any other eligibility requirements of the Site.
These terms and conditions regarding your use of the Site constitute a legally binding agreement between you, on the one hand, and the Channel and VII, on the other hand.  In this Agreement, the term "Site" includes all websites and web pages within the Site as well as any equivalent, mirror, replacement, substitute or backup websites and web pages that are associated with the Site.  By using this Site, you understand, acknowledge and agree that you will abide by the terms of this Agreement and any additional terms that govern certain products and services, which will be presented in conjunction with those products and/or services ("Additional Terms"), including, but not limited to, the rules of participation ("Rules") which govern certain activities and services such as voting (for example, see the Voting Rules as described below) and contests and sweepstakes and the Site Guidelines.  The Site's Additional Terms and Privacy Policy are hereby incorporated in this Agreement by reference. To the extent that there is a conflict between this Agreement and Additional Terms for the activity in which you choose to participate, the Additional Terms shall govern.  This Agreement will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Site and in the event of termination of any membership, service or feature, you will still be bound by your obligations under this Agreement, the Privacy Policy, and any Additional Terms, including any indemnifications, warranties and limitations of liability.
The words "use" or "using" in this Agreement, means any time an individual (a "user"), directly or indirectly, with or without the aid of a machine or device, does or attempts to access, interact with use, display, view, print or copy from the Site, transmit, receive or exchange data or communicate with the Site, or in any way utilizes, benefits, takes advantage of or interacts with any function, service or feature of the Site, for any purpose whatsoever.  This Agreement applies regardless of whether you are accessing the Site via a personal computer, a mobile device or any other technology or devices now known or hereafter developed or discovered (each, a "Device").  This Agreement does not cover your rights or responsibilities with respect to third party content or sites or any links that may direct your browser or your connection to third party sites or pages. This is the entire and exclusive Agreement between you and us regarding use of the Site and it cannot be modified, except as specifically described below in Section 2.
2. REGISTRATION.
We may require each user to have a unique user name and password combination in order to access and use certain features or functions of the Site and may also, from time to time, provide users with additional codes or passwords necessary to access and use certain features or functions of the Site. Please read our Privacy Policy, which describes the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") and other information we collect, use, disclose, manage and store. As part of the registration process for the feature or function, you will choose a user name and password (or we may assign an initial password which we will give you the option to change). Your user name and password are personal to you and you may not allow any others to use your user name or password under any circumstances. We are not liable for any harm caused or related to the theft or misappropriation of your user name or password, disclosure of your user name or password, or your authorization of anyone else to use your user name or password. You agree to immediately notify us if you become aware of or believe there is or may have been any unauthorized use of (or activity using) your user name or password or any other need to deactivate your user name or password due to security concerns.
3. MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT.
We reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, for any reason in our sole discretion, to change the terms of this Agreement. We will post or display notices of material changes on the Site and/or e-mail you or notify you upon login about these changes; the form of such notice is at our discretion. Once we post them on the Site, these changes become effective immediately and if you use the Site after they become effective it will signify your agreement to be bound by the changes. You should check back frequently and review the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, Additional Terms and Privacy Policy, regularly so you are aware of the most current rights and obligations that apply to you and the terms and conditions of your agreement with us.
4. OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.
The contents of this Site, including all Site software, design, text, images, photographs, illustrations, audio and video material, artwork, graphic material, databases, proprietary information and all copyrightable or otherwise legally protectable elements of the Site, including, without limitation, the selection, sequence and 'look and feel' and arrangement of items, and all trademarks, service marks and trade names (individually and/or collectively, "Material"), are the property of VII, and any of its successors and assigns, and any of their respective licensors, Advertisers (as defined below), suppliers, and operational service providers and are legally protected, without limitation, under U.S. Federal and State, as well as applicable foreign laws, regulations and treaties. Unless the context clearly requires otherwise or we explicitly say so in writing, the term "Site" includes "Material" as well. The Site is to be used solely for your noncommercial, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable and limited personal use and for no other purposes. You must not alter, delete or conceal any copyright or other notices contained on the Site, including notices on any Material you download, transmit, display, print or reproduce from the Site.  Except using tools provided on the Site, you shall not, nor will you allow any third party (whether or not for your benefit) to reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast or circulate to any third party (including, without limitation, on or via a third party website), or otherwise use, any Material without the express prior written consent of VII or its owner if VII is not the owner. Any unauthorized or prohibited use of any Material may subject you to civil liability, criminal prosecution, or both, under applicable federal, state and local laws. We require users to respect our copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. We likewise respect the intellectual property of others. On notice, we will act expeditiously to remove content on the Site that infringes the copyright rights of others and will disable the access to the Site and its services of anyone who uses them to repeatedly to infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
We take protection of copyrights, both our own and others, very seriously. We therefore employ multiple measures to prevent copyright infringement over this Site and to promptly end any infringement that might occur. If you believe that the Site contains elements that infringe your copyrights in your work, please follow the procedures set forth in our Copyright Compliance Policy.
5. ADVERTISING.
From time to time, you may communicate with, receive communications from, be re-directed to, interact with, or participate in or use the services or obtain goods and services of or from, third parties (collectively, the "Advertisers") such as our advertisers, sponsors, or promotional partners as a result of your use of the Site. All such communication, interaction and participation is strictly and solely between you and such Advertisers and we shall not be responsible or liable to you in any way in connection with these activities or transactions (including, without limitation, any representations, warranties, covenants, contracts or other terms or conditions that may exist between you and the Advertiser or any goods or services you may purchase or obtain from any Advertiser).  Please see our Privacy Policy for more information on your choices regarding sharing of Personal Information with Advertisers.
6. RULES OF CONDUCT.
Your use of the Site is subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and, in some cases, international treaties. You are solely responsible for all activities, acts and omissions that occur in, from, through or under your user name or password. You shall not use, allow, or enable others to use the Site, or knowingly condone use of this Site by others, in any manner that (is), attempts to, or is likely to:

be libelous, defamatory, indecent, vulgar or obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit or sexually suggestive, racially, culturally, or ethnically offensive, harmful, harassing, intimidating, threatening, hateful, objectionable, discriminatory, or abusive, or which may or may appear to impersonate anyone else;
affect us adversely or reflect negatively on us, the Site, our goodwill, name or reputation or cause duress, distress or discomfort to us or anyone else, or discourage any person, firm or enterprise from using all or any portion, features or functions of the Site, or from advertising, linking or becoming a supplier to us in connection with the Site;
send or result in the transmission of junk e-mail, chain letters, duplicative or unsolicited messages, or so-called "spamming" and "phishing";
Use the Site for commercial or business purposes, including, without limitation, advertising, marketing or offering goods or services, whether or not for financial or any other form of compensation or through linking with any other website or web pages;
transmit, distribute or upload programs or material that contain malicious code, such as viruses, timebombs, cancelbots, worms, trojan horses, spyware, or other potentially harmful programs or other material or information;
forge any TCP/IP packet header or part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting for any reason;
violate any laws, rules or regulations (including, without limitation, laws regarding the transmission of technical data or software exported from the United States), judicial or governmental order or any treaties, or violate or infringe upon any copyright or other intellectual property rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or any other rights of ours or of any other person, firm or enterprise; gain or enable unauthorized access to the Site or any of its features or functions, other users' accounts, names, passwords, personally identifiable information or other computers, websites or pages, connected or linked to the Site or to use the Site in any manner which violates or is inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, Additional Terms such as Rules or Site Guidelines and the Privacy Policy;
modify, disrupt, impair, alter or interfere with the use, features, functions, operation or maintenance of the Site or the rights or use and enjoyment of the Site by any other person, firm or enterprise;
collect, obtain, compile, gather, transmit, reproduce, delete, revise, view or display any material or information, whether personally identifiable or not, posted by or concerning any other person, firm or enterprise, in connection with their or your use of the Site, unless you have obtained the express, prior permission of such other person, firm or enterprise to do so;
without our prior permission, use manual or automated software, devices, scripts, robots or other means or processes to access, "scrape," "crawl" or "spider" any web pages or other services contained in the Site; or
otherwise violate this Agreement, including, but not limited to, any Additional Terms and the Privacy Policy.

7.  SHOPPING If we offer certain e-Commerce to enable you to purchase goods and services via a shop (the "Shop") through the Site, additional terms apply to your use and access of the Shop which are Additional Terms and incorporated herein by reference.  See the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and other terms available on or by link through the Shop site for more information on these Additional Terms.
8.  [Reserved]
9.  Closed Captioning of Internet Protocol-Delivered Video Programming.
In accordance with the Twenty-First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act of 2010, all video programming distributors that make video programming available directly to end users through a distribution method that uses the internet protocol are required to provide contact information to end users for the receipt and handling of written closed captioning complaints. 
If you have a complaint regarding the Site's compliance with the closed captioning requirements of the Twenty-First Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act of 2010, please click here.
10. POSTINGS.
a.    Responsibility for Postings; Our Right to Review, Monitor, Edit and/or Screen and Take Other Actions.
Your comments, suggestions and information are important to us. Portions of this Site may provide you and other users an opportunity to participate in forum services, blogs, web communities and other message and communication facilities ("Communities") and may provide you with the opportunity, through such Communities or otherwise, to submit, post, display, transmit and/or exchange information, ideas, opinions, messages or other information ("Post" or "Postings"). You understand, acknowledge and agree that Postings are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Postings originated. This means that you (including, but not limited to, Postings made under your name, user name and/or email address) are solely and entirely responsible for the consequences of all Postings that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Site.  Postings do not reflect the views of the Channel or VII and the Channel and VII do not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy or reliability of any Posting or endorse or support any opinions expressed in any Postings.
Neither the Channel nor VII control any Postings submitted, although we may (in our sole discretion) use automated and/or manual means of reviewing Postings in order to prevent unauthorized content from appearing and being displayed on the Site.  The Channel and VII reserve the right to review, monitor, edit and/or screen any Postings and to delete, remove, move, re-format, edit or reject, without notice to you, any Postings that we deem, in our sole discretion, to be in violation of this Agreement or to be unacceptable to the Channel or VII, or for any reason or for no reason whatsoever; provided, however, that, the Channel and VII shall have no obligation or liability for failure to do so or for doing so in any particular manner.  If we change your Posting, you will not be responsible for any changes we make.
If we determine, in our sole discretion and judgment, that any Posting does or may violate any of the terms of this Agreement, in addition to our rights as described in this Agreement, we reserve the right, at any time and without limiting any and all other rights we may have under this Agreement, at law or in equity, to: (i) refuse to allow you to Post; (ii) remove and delete Postings; (iii) revoke your right to use the Site; and/or (iv) use any technological, legal, operational or other means available to us to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, blocking specific IP addresses or deactivating your registration on the Site.
The amount of storage space on the Site per user is limited. Some Postings may not be processed due to space constraints or outbound message limitations. You understand, acknowledge and agree that we assume no responsibility for deletion of Postings or any failure to store, receive or deliver Postings in a timely manner or any other matter relating to Postings. Posting is for noncommercial purposes only and you may not Post in any manner which does or is intended to promote or generate revenue for any business enterprise or commercial activity.
Registered users of this Site who are California residents and are under 18 years of age may request and obtain removal of Postings on this Site that they themselves post by emailing us at ContactUs. All requests must be labeled "California Removal Request" on the email subject line. All requests must provide a description of the content or information in your Posting that you want removed and  information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material and, so that we can process your request and contact you if we have questions, include your registered username, name, street address, city, state, zip code and email address (your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email), include the name and URL (if applicable) of the website, application or other interactive service and indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail). We shall not accept requests via postal mail, telephone or facsimile. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or may not be able to respond if you do not provide complete information.
Please also note that any requests for removal do not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information from this Site. For example, content that you have posted may be republished or reposted by another user or third party. See also Section 7 of our Privacy Policy regarding how you may delete certain Information.
b.    Grant of Rights; Representations, Warranties and Covenants.
If a Posting originates from you or your account, you hereby agree that (and each time you submit (or attempt to submit) a Posting, you reaffirm such agreement that): (i) you specifically authorize the Channel and VII to use such Posting in whole or in part, throughout the universe, in perpetuity in or on any and all media, now known or hereafter devised, and alone or together with or as part of other information, content and/or material of any kind or nature; (ii) you represent warrant and covenant that (A) the Posting is original to you and/or fully cleared for use as contemplated herein, (B) the Posting does and will not, in any way, violate or breach any of the terms of this Agreement, (C) the Posting does not contain libelous, tortious, discriminatory, defamatory, obscene or otherwise unlawful material , (D) the Posting, and the Channel's and VII's exercise of the rights you grant to the Channel and VII to the Postings, do and will not infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate any copyright or other intellectual property, privacy, publicity or other rights of any party, or otherwise violate any other applicable law, rule or regulation, (E) the Posting shall not be injurious to the health of any user, (F) neither we, the Channel nor VII shall be required to pay or incur any sums to any person or entity as a result of our permitted use or exploitation of the Posting (including, but not limited to, any guild or residual payments in connection with the submission and exploitation of any Posting) and (G) all of the information provide by you associated with your Posting is correct, complete and accurate; and (iii) if your Posting incorporates the name, logo, brand, service or trademark, voice, likeness or image of any person, firm or enterprise, you additionally represent, warrant and covenant to the Channel and VII that you (A) have the right to grant the Channel and VII the right to use all such Postings as described above, (B) the Posting was produced in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and (C) for any Posting that contains original videos, you will comply with any applicable identification verification and record-keeping requirements,, and our policies regarding governmental certification procedures relating thereto, and you will secure and maintain the requisite personal information and identification documentation for all individuals who appear in any such original videos, as may be required by law and/or otherwise requested or required by us in connection with our corporate compliance policies and practices, which includes (y) the individual's full legal name, current address, date of birth and (z) a legible photocopy of a valid government-issued identification document (e.g., a U.S. passport, state driver's license or valid photo ID card) to verify the individual's identity. With the submission of each such Posting, the Channel and VII reserve the right to request that you, and upon such request you must, deliver a full and complete set of such identification verification records to use, as well as a legible photocopy of your valid driver's license, passport or other acceptable government-issued photo identification for our verification and record-keeping purposes.
Upon the request of the Channel and VII, you will promptly furnish any documentation, substantiation and releases necessary and reasonably required to verify and substantiate your compliance with any or all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants and, if applicable, you will promptly comply with any specific requests or directions we give you in connection with Postings you submit that may be subject to these requirements.
c.    Claims Regarding Content.
If you believe that any content on the Site (including, without limitation, Postings) violates any of the terms of this Agreement (except for any notices covered by the Copyright Compliance Policy), you may contact us via the Contact Us page (please refer to our Copyright Compliance Policy for any notices covered by the Copyright Compliance Policy).  We cannot guarantee that we will respond to your message and we reserve the right to take or refrain from taking any or all steps available to us once we receive any such message.
11. CONTESTS, SWEEPSTAKES, VOTING RULES, AUCTIONS AND OTHER PROMOTIONS.
From time to time, the Channel, VII and/or their Advertisers, operational service providers and suppliers may conduct promotions on or through the Site, including, but not limited to, auctions, contests and sweepstakes ("Promotions"). Each Promotion may have Additional Terms such as the rules governing any voting relating to a Promotion (the "Voting Rules") (Voting Rules are available by clicking here) and other Rules relating to the Promotion, which will be posted or otherwise made available to you and, for purposes of each Promotion, will be deemed incorporated into and form a part of this Agreement.
12. CERTAIN PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.
a.    RSS Feeds and Podcasts
The Site may provide RSS Feeds ("RSS Feeds") consisting of selected text, audio, video, and photographic Material ("Content") from the Site that is provided over the Internet using an XML feed. Certain RSS Feeds may be podcasts ("Podcasts") which may include as part of the Content an associated audio, video and/or photographic file where the audio and/or video file may be downloaded and played from a user's Device or transferred to a portable listening device. Certain software and hardware is required for users to download and view and/or play Content through RSS Feeds.
Content is protected by U.S. Federal and State laws, and applicable foreign laws, regulations and treaties, and all rights in and to the Content are reserved to this Channel, VII or the content provider. Content is available for personal, noncommercial use only and you may download, copy and/or transfer to a Device or through a Device to another Device the RSS Feeds and associated Content for your personal, non-commercial use only. You shall not, nor will you allow any third party to reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast or circulate to any third party, or otherwise use any Content except as expressly authorized in this Section 11.
By your access to and use of RSS Feeds, you understand, acknowledge and agree that the Channel and VII do not warrant that its RSS Feeds will operate on all user equipment. Please see the "Disclaimer and Limitations of Liability" section below for further details.
b.    Mobile Applications
If this Channel offers products and services through applications available on your wireless or other mobile Device (such as a mobile phone) (the "Mobile Application Services"), these Mobile Application Services are governed by the Additional Terms governing the applicable Mobile Application Service. These Mobile Application Services may be provided at no additional charge to you or may be available for a fee, as provided in the applicable Additional Terms, including, but not limited to, the terms presented to you in connection with your download of such Mobile Application Service.  In addition, your wireless carrier's standard messaging rates and other messaging, data and other rates and charges will also apply to certain Mobile Application Services. You should check with your carrier to find out what plans your carrier offers and how much the plans cost. In addition, the use or availability of certain Mobile Application Services may be prohibited or restricted by your wireless carrier, and not all Mobile Application Services may work with all wireless carriers or Devices. Therefore, you should check with your wireless carrier to find out if the Mobile Application Services are available for your wireless Device, and what restrictions, if any, may be applicable to your use of such Mobile Application Services. If you change or deactivate your wireless telephone number, you agree to promptly update your Mobile Application Services account information on this Site to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person that subsequently acquires your old number.
Under no circumstances will this Channel or VII be responsible for any wireless email, text messaging or other charges incurred by a user (or any person that has access to a user's wireless device, telephone number, or email address) using any Mobile Application Services.
c.    Viral Features
There may be portions of our Site, content, functionality or features (e.g., digital streaming media player(s)) ("Viral Features") that we make available to users for your personal use. While we can obviously change how, to whom and to what extent we make these Viral Features available at any time without any notice and in our sole discretion, so long as they are available to you, whenever you visit our Site or take advantage of any of these Viral Features (whether you use these Viral Features on your own personal or customized web pages, whether they are displayed or appear embedded or housed within a web page or website of anyone else, whether a commercial website or web page, an advertisement, promotional message or even a personalized or customized web page of a friend or through any Device that can access any of these Viral Features) you agree not to download any content made available as part of the Viral Features and acknowledge that such content is available only for streaming viewing and, further, that you are bound by the applicable provisions of this Agreement and our Privacy Policy.
13. HYPERLINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES.
The appearance, availability, or your use of URLs or hyperlinks referenced or included anywhere on the Site or any other form of link or re-direction of your connection to, with or through the Site, does not constitute an endorsement by, nor does it incur any obligation, responsibility or liability on the part of the Channel or VII, any of their successors and assigns, and any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, licensors, Advertisers, suppliers, and operational service providers. We do not verify, endorse, or have any responsibility for, any such third party sites, their business practices (including their privacy policies), or any goods or services associated with or obtained in connection with any such site, whether the Site's, the Channel's or VII's logo(s) or sponsorship identification is on the third party site as part of a co-branding or promotional arrangement. If any third party site obtains or collects Personal Information from you, in no event shall we assume or have any responsibility or liability. Please read our Privacy Policy which describes how this Channel collects and uses your Personal Information and other information and certain of our relationships.
14. DEACTIVATION/TERMINATION OF YOUR REGISTRATION OR USE.
If this Site offers user registration and you are registered to use the Site, you may deactivate your account on the Site, at any time and for any reason, by logging into the Site and selecting "DELETE MY ACCOUNT". We may terminate your use of and registration on the Site, at any time and for any reason, with or without cause, without prior notice to you and without any liability or further obligation of any kind whatsoever to you or any other party.
15. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.
THIS SITE, AND ALL MATERIALS, PRODUCTS AND POSTINGS ARE MADE AVAILABLE ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ANY GUARANTY OR ASSURANCE THE SITE WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR USE, OR THAT ALL PRODUCTS, FEATURES, FUNCTIONS OR OPERATIONS WILL BE AVAILABLE OR PERFORM AS DESCRIBED. Without limiting the foregoing, we are not responsible or liable for any malicious code, delays, inaccuracies, errors, or omissions arising out of your use of the Site. You understand, acknowledge and agree that you are assuming the entire risk as to the quality, accuracy, performance, timeliness, adequacy, completeness, correctness, authenticity, security and validity of any and all features and functions of the Site, including, without limitation, Postings and Materials associated with your use of the Site.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, THIS SITE, THE CHANNEL AND VII, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, AND ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, LICENSORS, OPERATIONAL SERVICE PROVIDERS, ADVERTISERS, OR SUPPLIERS, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE, OF ANY KIND, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, RELATING TO THE SITE OR THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWSOEVER ARISING OR CAUSED, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR NOT, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION OR THE BASIS OR CHARACTERIZATION OF THE CLAIM AND EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE SITE IS OPERATED, MAINTAINED AND ADMINISTERED ON SERVERS, AND FROM OUR OFFICES, IN THE UNITED STATES AND THE CHANNEL AND VII DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY USE NOT SPECIFICALLY AUTHORIZED OR THAT IS IN VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU IN ANY JURISDICTION OR COUNTRY.
Notwithstanding any claim that a sole or exclusive remedy which is provided in this Agreement may or does fail of its essential purpose, you specifically acknowledge and agree that your sole and exclusive remedy for any loss or damage shall be to have VII, upon written notice from you to us, attempt to repair, correct or replace any deficient goods or services under this Agreement and, if repair, correction or replacement is not reasonably commercially practicable for VII, to refund any monies actually paid by you for the Products involved and to terminate and discontinue your use of the Site. You further understand and acknowledge the capacity of the Site, in the aggregate and for each user, is limited. Consequently some messages and transmissions may not be processed in a timely fashion or at all, and some features or functions may be restricted or delayed or become completely inoperable. As a result, you acknowledge and agree that VII assumes no liability, responsibility or obligation to transmit, process, store, receive or deliver transactions or Postings or for any failure or delay associated with any Postings and you are hereby expressly advised not to rely upon the timeliness or performance of the Site for any transactions or Postings. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion of certain warranties or certain limitations on damages and remedies; accordingly some of the exclusions and limitations described in this Agreement may not apply to you.
16. INDEMNIFICATION.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold the Channel and VII, and any of their successors and assigns, and any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, licensors, Advertisers, suppliers, and operational service providers harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees), resulting from any breach or violation of this Agreement by you, your use of the Site or the public posting or other permitted use of your Postings.
VII reserves the right to assume, at its sole expense, the exclusive defense and control of any such claim or action and all negotiations for settlement or compromise, and you agree to fully cooperate with VII in the defense of any such claim, action, settlement or compromise negotiations, as requested by VII.
17. ADS AND MALWARE.
We take great care and pride in creating this Site. We are always on the lookout for technical glitches that effect how the Site works. When we find them on our end, we will fix them. Unfortunately, your home computer may cause some glitches that effect how you see our Site -- and that is beyond our control.
If you experience any unusual behavior, content or ads on the Site, it may be the result of Malware on your computer. Malware—short for MALicious softWARE—is a term used to broadly classify a form of software which is installed in a computer system with malicious intentions, usually without the owner's knowledge or permission. Malware includes computer viruses, key loggers, malicious active content, rogue programs and dialers, among others. While we continuously work closely with our partners to ensure that everything on the Site is working properly, sometimes Malware programs on your personal computer may interfere with your experience on our Site and on other sites that you visit.
We suggest that you take some of the following actions which may help to clean your computer and which could prevent future installations of Malware.
Please note that we cannot be responsible for the effects of any third-party software including Malware on your Device. Please make sure to carefully read the Help or Customer Support areas of any software download site.   If you do discover any Malware on your Device, we also suggest you speak with a qualified computer technician.  If, after taking the above actions, you are still experiencing any problems, please feel free to contact us via the Contact Us page
18. PRIVACY.
We respect your privacy and the use and protection of your Information. Please see our Privacy Policy, for important information and disclosures relating to the collection and use of your Information in connection with your use of the Site.
19.  [intentionally left blank]
20.   Governing Law, Jurisdiction, Venue AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER.
This Agreement and your use of the Site is governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without regard to that state's conflict of laws rules).  You and VII agree that any claim relating to this Site and this Agreement is subject to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the State or Federal Courts situated in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, State of New York.  To the extent it may be applicable, you and VII agree to opt out from and expressly exclude any applicability of the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act. If any Claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, YOU AND VII WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.
21. MISCELLANEOUS TERMS.
This Agreement, together with any Additional Terms, our Privacy Policy and any other regulations, procedures and policies which we refer to and which are hereby incorporated by reference, contains the entire understanding and agreement between you and the Site and supersedes any and all prior or inconsistent understandings relating to the Site and your use of the Site. This Agreement cannot be changed or terminated orally. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, this will not affect any other provisions and the Agreement will be deemed amended to the extent necessary to make it legal, valid and enforceable. Any provision which must survive in order to allow us to enforce its meaning shall survive the termination of this Agreement; however, no action relating to this Agreement or your use of the Site, regardless of form or the basis of the claim, may be brought by you more than one (1) year after the cause of action has arisen (or if multiple causes, from the date the first such cause arose).  The laws and regulations of the U.S. restrict the export and re-export of certain technology and you agree not to use, export or re-export any Material relating to the Site in violation of those laws and regulations.
This Terms of Use Agreement was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately.
Copyright © 2014 RateMyProfessors.com LLC, a subsidiary of Viacom International Inc. - All Rights Reserved.


Last Modified: 1/1/15
Summary of Most Recent Significant Changes
PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This is the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") for the specific Internet website, application or other interactive service ("Site," "we," "us" or "our") that includes an authorized link to this Agreement.  The Site is owned, operated and/or provided by RateMyProfessors.com LLC ("RMP"), a subsidiary of Viacom International Inc., which offers television channel or programming services (such as Internet websites, applications or other interactive services) and offers other products and services under various brands, such as those Viacom Media Networks brands listed here (each, a "VMN Brand" and, this Site together with the associated VII television channel or programming service, if any, the "Channel").  RMP and Viacom International Inc., along with their Affiliates, shall be referred to collectively as "VII".  "Affiliates" refers to Viacom International Inc.'s parent company Viacom Inc. and all corporate affiliates that Viacom Inc. directly or indirectly owns or controls (such as Paramount Pictures Corporation and the other corporate affiliates of Viacom Media Networks as described in the link here). "VII Brands" refers to the brands under which VII offers products and services, including, but not limited to, the VMN Brands and other brands under which VII offers products and services.
Privacy Policy Highlights
For your convenience, the following highlights provide a quick summary of our Privacy Policy. Please read the entire Privacy Policy for more detailed information, as the highlights are only intended as a quick summary and not as a full description of what the Privacy Policy provides. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Privacy Policy Scope
This Privacy Policy covers the information collected by your use of the Site that provides an authorized link to this Privacy Policy.
This Site is designed and targeted to U.S. audiences and governed by and operated under U.S. law.  If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, see our Safe Harbor Privacy Policy (link available in our Privacy Policy) for more information regarding personal information transferred from the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Read more
Information Collected About You
There is a variety of information collected about you when you visit our services, such as:

Information you provide to us, such as when you register to be a member of the Site, install a mobile application or register for certain features, functions or promotions such as contests or sweepstakes;
Information collected when you visit our services through cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies; and
Information about you collected or gathered by other sources as permitted by law.

Read more
How We Use Information We Collect
We use information we collect to, among other things:

Provide the services you request;
If you opt-in, send you newsletters, marketing or promotional emails on products or services that you may be interested in;
Improve our services and your experiences on our services;
Personalize the advertising and/or other content you view on our services;
Maintain and administer our services; and
For other purposes as described to you in this Privacy Policy, described when you provide us the information or with your consent.

Read more
Your Choices
You may exercise choice over certain uses of the information collected through the Site, such as:

You may stop the delivery of newsletters, marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in any such emails or newsletters you receive and/or exercising choices through other mechanisms as we may provide;
You may delete or disable certain tracking technologies (for example, browser cookies) that may be used by VII to collect information about your use of VII websites, applications or other interactive services in order to personalize advertising and/or other content to you;
You may exercise choices about the collection and/or use of your information by certain third parties to display relevant advertisements and/or other content and may delete or disable certain tracking technologies (for example, browser cookies), or enable such tracking technologies to the extent such tracking technologies are automatically disabled, that may be used by third parties to collect information about you.

Read more
Sharing/Disclosure of Information
We may share your Personal Information (as defined in this Privacy Policy):

With third party operational service providers;
Within the family of websites, applications and other interactive services and other businesses of VII (including Affiliates, such as Viacom Inc. and Paramount Pictures Corporation);
If the Site is sold to another company;
As required by law or to protect or defend our or our users’ rights;
With your consent and
As further described in this Privacy Policy.

We may share your Other Information (as defined in this Privacy Policy) with third parties, but we do not disclose Personal Information to them except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Read more
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated Privacy Policy without advance notice to you.  Such revisions shall be effective immediately upon posting.  Notice of material changes shall be posted on the Site's homepage and/or shall be provided by emailing you or notifying you upon login about these changes; the form of such notice is at our discretion.
Read more
Other

VII is committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concerns.
We have adopted commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect your information, but please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.

This Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices and covers the following areas:
1. When This Privacy Policy Applies.
2. U.S. Governing Law; Safe Harbor.
3. What Information Is Collected.
4. How Is Collected Information Used.
5. Your Choices.
6. [reserved]
7. Sharing and Disclosure of Information.
8. Reviewing, Updating or Deleting Certain Information.
9. Protection of Information.
10. Your California Privacy Rights.
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice.
12. Miscellaneous.
1.  When This Privacy Policy Applies.
This Privacy Policy applies:

Regardless of whether you are accessing the Site via a personal computer, a mobile device or any other technology or devices now known or hereafter developed or discovered (each, a "Device");
Whether you are accessing the Site as a registered user (if offered by the Site) or other user of the Site;
To all Information (as that term is defined below) collected by the Site, but does not, unless specifically stated, apply to any information collected by any other website offered by VII which does not include an authorized link to this Privacy Policy or collected by any other company;
To combined Information if we combine Information (as that term is defined below) with other information we collect from other sources, such as information received from VII (for example, information collected at a physical location), marketing companies or Advertisers;
And will remain in full force and effect even if your use of or participation in the Site or any particular service, feature, function or promotional activity offered through the Site terminates, expires, ceases, is suspended or deactivated for any reason.

If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate in the Site or any features, activities or services offered through the Site.
2.  U.S. Governing Law; Safe Harbor.
The Site is designed and targeted to U.S. audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S.  We make no representation that this Site is operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of, or governed by, other nations.  By participating in our Site activities, you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirements for this Site as set forth in our Terms of Use Agreement.  If you are do not meet the age and other eligibility requirements, please discontinue using the Site immediately as your continued use of the Site indicates that you are agreeing to the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, processing, management and storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you are located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and Switzerland, for detailed information on our privacy policy and practices with respect to personal information transferred from the EEA and Switzerland, please see our Safe Harbor Privacy Policy located at http://www.viacom.com/privacypolicy/Documents/VIACOM-610657-v1-Safe_Harbor_Policy.pdf.
If you are located outside of the U.S., the EEA and Switzerland, you use this Site at your own risk and initiative and you, not us, are responsible for compliance with any applicable local and national laws.  Please be aware that any Personal Information and Other Information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of this Site shall be collected in the U.S. and/or transferred to the U.S. and subject to U.S. law.  By using this Site, participating in any Site activities and/or providing us with your Personal Information and Other Information, you (a) consent to the transfer and/or processing of any Information to and in the U.S., (b) acknowledge that U.S. law may provide a lower standard of protection for personal data than the laws of your location and (c) understand that we will collect, transfer, store, process and/or deal with your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and U.S. law. Consequently, to the full extent permitted by law, you hereby waive any claims relating to the processing of your Personal Information or Other Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy that may arise under the laws and regulations that apply to you in or of any other country or jurisdiction.
3.  What Information Is Collected.
When we use the term "Personal Information" we mean information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you, such as your full name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number.   When we use the term "Other Information", we mean any information other than Personal Information that may be collected about you, including, but not limited to, through cookies or other Tracking Technologies (as that term is defined below).  Any Personal Information that is modified to remove or anonymize your contact information and other information that identifies you shall not be treated as Personal Information but shall be treated as Other Information after such modification.  On the other hand, when we combine Other Information with Personal Information, we shall treat the combined Information as Personal Information for purposes of the sharing or disclosure of such combined Information.  (Personal Information and Other Information, together, the "Information").

a.   Information We Collect that You Provide Us.

i.  User Registration.  To the extent we offer user registration on the Site, to register as a member of the Site, you are required to select a user name and password (together, your "User ID") and may be required to also provide other Information, such as your email address and date of birth.  Additional Information may be requested during the registration process (but not required).
ii. In Connection with Certain Features and Functions.  We may also provide you with access to certain features or functions that we may offer on the Site, such as the option to subscribe to a selection of free newsletters, marketing or promotional emails and other periodic information, chat rooms, message boards, shopping and member profile pages.  To sign up for or participate in these features or functions, you may be required to provide us with certain Information about you in order for us to personalize and/or allow you to use such features and functions.  For example, to sign up to receive newsletters, you may be required to provide your email address, date of birth and zip code separate from any user registration.
iii. In Connection with Promotions such as Contests and Sweepstakes.  There may be a separate registration process to enter Promotions such as contests and sweepstakes which may require the submission of all or some of the following: your first and last name, street address, city, state and zip code or postcode, email address, telephone number and date of birth.  Additional Information may be requested depending on the specific Promotion, but submission of such Information may be optional.  The Promotion's entry page and/or Rules shall provide the specific requirements.  You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to receive special Promotions or offers from our third party advertisers, sponsors or promotional partners ("Advertisers") as a result of your use of the Site in connection with many of these types of Promotions.

b.  Information Collected Through Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.

The Site and/or third parties may use "cookies", "web beacons", Flash local shared objects and other similar tracking technologies (collectively, "Tracking Technologies") to collect Other Information automatically as you browse the Site and the web.  What are Cookies, Web Beacons and Flash Local Shared Objects (also known as Flash cookies)?
We use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content, allow users to move between associated sites without logging into each site, understand Site and internet usage, improve or customize the content, offerings or advertisements on this Site, personalize your experience on this Site (for example, to recognize you by name when you return to the Site, to store your selected country, and to display your recent Site search results), save your password in password-protected areas, save your online game or video player settings, help us offer you products, programs or services that may be of interest to you (for example, to understand your interactions with email messages such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded), deliver relevant advertising, maintain and administer the Site and for other purposes described in the "Use of Information" and "Other Information Collected by Us" sections below.  These Tracking Technologies collect "click stream" data and additional Other Information regarding your visits to the Site, such as your visits to the Site's webpages, type of browser use, type of operating system used, date and time of viewing, use of our features, and purchasing history or preferences.  Through these Tracking Technologies, we may collect Other Information across multiple sessions on this Site and other websites, applications or other interactive services offered by VII or third parties and may also collect your IP address (which is automatically assigned to any Device(s) and/or Device and Internet browser combination you use to access the Site) and/or set some other identifier unique to the Device(s) and/or Device-Internet browser combination you use to access the Site ("Identifier").  Your Personal Information is not collected as part of this process, but we may combine any or all of the Other Information we collected using Tracking Technologies and associate it and/or Identifiers with your Personal Information.
i.  The Site's Use of Tracking Technologies

By visiting the Site, whether as a registered user or otherwise, you acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and use such information as described in this Privacy Policy.  See Your Choices section below for more information on how you can withdraw your consent for certain purposes.
We use Tracking Technologies to enable us to collect and then use Information as described in the How Is Collected Information Used section below.  For example, we use Tracking Technologies to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times or seeing advertisements too frequently.

ii. Third Parties’ Use of Tracking Technologies

This Site may additionally use a variety of third party advertising networks, data exchanges, data management platforms, supply side platforms, ad exchanges, traffic or audience measurement service providers, marketing analytics service providers, operational service providers (as defined below) and other third parties (collectively, "Third Party Service Providers") to, for example, facilitate targeting of advertisements and/or other content ("Targeting Services"), serve advertisements on the Site and/or measure and analyze advertising or content effectiveness and/or traffic on the Site.  Targeting Services enable us to, among other things, help deliver advertisements or other content to you for products and services that you might be interested in based on your visits to the Site and other websites, application or other interactive services you have visited. See Section 5(b)(i)(A) for more information on this Site's use of Nielsen's proprietary measurement software to collect and use video viewing metrics and other information.
Third Party Service Providers, as well as Advertisers and other third parties, may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device subject to your choices about those Tracking Technologies (see "Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers" section below and "More Information on Managing Tracking Technologies" section below) and/or they may otherwise collect or have access to Information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the Site.
We may also enlist the assistance of Third Party Service Providers so that the Site may set Tracking Technologies.  For example, to the extent necessary to provide basic advertising serving services such as controlling how often you see advertisements or ensuring you do not see the same advertisement repeatedly, we may enlist the assistance of such Third Party Service Providers to create, customize or modify Tracking Technologies set by the Site.
Except to the extent necessary to provide services to the Site, Third Party Service Providers do not have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Site, but we may provide to Third Party Service Providers certain Other Information collected by Tracking Technologies set by the Site in order for the Site to provide Targeting Services or in order for the Third Party Service Providers to provide other services to the Site, such as measuring or analyzing advertising or content effectiveness or traffic on the Site.  For example, in order to analyze traffic on the Site, we may provide to our Third Party Service Providers certain information we collect about your interaction with the Site along with an Identifier so that the Third Party Service Provider may provide analytics services to the Site.



4.  How Is Collected Information Used.
As set forth in this Privacy Policy, we may share Information with VII (including Affiliates).
a.  Personal Information.  We, and/or VII, use the Personal Information we collect from you in a variety of ways, including:

If you opt in to receiving such messages, sending newsletters, marketing or promotional emails relating to goods and/or services that may be of interest to users, whether those goods and/or services are provided by the Site, VII or third parties (for example, we may send you an email about a product sold by a third party);
Processing your registration with the Site, such as verifying that your email address is active and valid;
Contacting you regarding the administration of your account, any services, features or functions you have enrolled in or registered to use, any Promotions you have participated in or have entered, any goods and/or services you have ordered or any other transactions you have undertaken with the Site;
Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site;
Responding to your questions or other requests;
Contacting you regarding your use of the Site, for informational purposes related to the Site or, in our discretion, regarding changes to the Site's policies;
Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes;
Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site;
Saving your User ID or other Personal Information, so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site;
Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site and
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Information (for example, as set forth in the Rules for any Promotions you enter).

b.  Other Information Collected by Us.  We, and/or VII, use the Other Information we collect from you in a variety of ways, including:

Keeping count of your return visits to the Site or VII's, Advertisers' or partners' sites, applications or other interactive services;
Accumulating and reporting aggregate, statistical information in connection with the Site and user activity;
Determining which features, webpages, products and services users like best to, among other things, help us operate the Site and/or other VII websites, applications or other interactive services, enhance and improve our services and the Site and/or other VII websites, application or other interactive services and display advertising and marketing information;
Preparing statistics reports;
Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site (for example, to enable you to use shopping carts on the Site, if offered);
Improving our services, the Site and/or other VII websites, application or other interactive services and for internal business purposes (for example, to assess the appeal of certain content to our general site audience and to understand your interactions with email messages we send, such as the links clicked on within marketing and promotional emails we send and whether such messages were opened or forwarded);
Personalizing your experience on, and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit, the Site, other VII websites, application or other interactive services and/or third party sites, applications or other interactive services (for example, to provide recommendations on content or provide advertisements, emails or other content of more interest to you);
Saving certain Other Information for use on your return visits to the Site and making your experience on this Site more convenient for you (for example, to recognize you by name when you return to the Site, to apply certain settings or preferences you have identified on this Site or other VII websites, to save your password in password-protected areas, to save your online game or video player settings, to store your selected country and to display your recent Site search results);
Using characteristics that you enter about yourself, such as age or gender, for personalizing the online advertising and/or other content that you see when you visit the Site, other VII websites, applications or other interactive services or third party websites, applications or other interactive services, whether alone or in combination with other Information;
Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site (for example, to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times or seeing advertisements too frequently and to record if you have opted out of receiving personalized content);
For the uses described for "Personal Information" above and
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Other Information.

c.  Other Information Collected by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers.  The use of Tracking Technologies by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers is within their control and not ours.  Even if we have a relationship with the Third Party Service Provider or Advertiser, we do not control their websites, applications or other interactive services or their policies and practices regarding your Information and you should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection, use or disclosure of your Information by third parties in connection with their advertisements or promotions and other sites, applications or other interactive services you encounter on the Internet.  This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Information that a Third Party Service Provider or Advertiser may directly collect from you.  Use of Third Party Service Providers’ and Advertisers’ Tracking Technologies is governed by the Third Party Service Providers’ or Advertisers’, as applicable, own specific privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy.  However, please see the "Your Choices" section for more information on how to opt-out of the collection and/or use of Information collected by certain Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers.
5.  Your Choices.
a.  Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information.

i.  In Connection with Newsletters, Marketing or Promotional Emails.
You may "opt-out" of receiving newsletters, marketing or promotional emails from the Site at any time by using the opt-out mechanism that is contained in each such email and by any other additional methods that the Site may provide. Please note that when you opt-out of receiving email updates from us, you are not opting out of receiving marketing and promotional emails from other websites, applications or other interactive services associated with other VII Brands.
Please note that, if you deactivate your registration as a member of the Site, you shall continue to receive newsletters, marketing and promotional emails from the Site unless you subsequently exercise your opt-out options above.
ii. [reserved]
iii.  [reserved]
iv. Certain Continuing Rights Regardless of Opt-Outs.  However, even if you exercise your opt-out rights above, we, or VII, may continue to contact you for the other purposes described in the "How Is Collected Information Used" Section above, such as for maintenance and administrative purposes.

b.  Your Choices with Respect to Tracking Technologies.

i.  Tracking Technologies Set By Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers.  With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, you have a number of options:

A. Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers may collect Other Information about you when you visit this Site for Targeting Services to help identify products and services that may interest you and deliver advertising and/or other content tailored to your interests.   Your opt-out options regarding these Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers are described below.

You can opt-out of the use of Other Information for certain advertising purposes by using opt-out tools provided by certain Third Party Service Providers as described here. You can access the Adobe Audience Manager (formerly known as Demdex) tool and Google's DoubleClick tool.  If you use such opt-out tools, your choices only apply to the Third Party Service Providers identified in such link.  Please note that, if third party browser cookies are disabled (whether by you or automatically by the browser or Device) or you subsequently delete browser cookies, the opt-out choices you have exercised may not function and you may need to enable third party cookies in order for your opt-out choices to function.
In addition to the Third Party Service Providers listed above, other Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative's Opt-Out Tool and/or the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.  For example, click here for more information on some Third Party Service Providers that we use to provide online behavioral advertising.  Please click on the links to these tools to learn more about your choices.  Please note that, if third party browser cookies are disabled (whether by you or automatically by the browser or Device) or you subsequently delete browser cookies, the opt-out choices you have exercised may not function and you may need to enable third party cookies in order for your opt-out choices to function.
Nielsen Measurement: The player on this website may feature Nielsen's proprietary measurement software which will collect and use certain video viewing metrics and other information, in accordance with Nielsen's digital measurement privacy policy. For more information about Nielsen's measurement software, see http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy and see the "Choices" section of that digital measurement privacy policy to learn about your choices with respect to Nielsen's measurement, including your opt-out options if you do not wish to participate in such measurement and the scope of any opt-out options.
You may also prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies for a particular Device and Internet browser combination by using the controls for the Internet browser as further described here.  Please note that using those controls shall affect Tracking Technologies which are browser cookies but may not affect other Tracking Technologies such as Flash LSOs.
See the "More Information on Managing Tracking Technologies" section below for additional information about managing Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers.


ii. Tracking Technologies Set By the Site.  With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Site, you have a number of options:

You can prevent the use of certain Tracking Technologies for a particular Device and Internet browser combination by using the controls in your Internet browser as further described here.  Please note that using those controls shall affect Tracking Technologies which are browser cookies but may not affect other Tracking Technologies such as Flash LSOs.
See the "More Information on Managing Tracking Technologies" section below for additional information about managing Tracking Technologies set by the Site.

This Site is committed to complying with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.  Click here for more information about this Site and online behavioral advertising.
iii.  More Information on Managing Tracking Technologies.  With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Site, Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, please note the following with respect to the above opt-out options:

The tools discussed above are "Internet browser cookie based."  This means that the tools rely on cookies to remember your choices.  For example, if you delete Tracking Technologies using the controls in your Web browser (a process described above) after disabling such Tracking Technologies, you may have to disable such Tracking Technologies again to re-establish your preferences and, if you exercise Site's personalization opt-out when you are not logged in, and then delete browser cookies, you may need to use the Site's personalization opt-out tool again.
The above tools are "Internet browser and Device-specific"  Note that when you exercise your options using controls for the Internet browser, your choices shall only apply to the specific Internet browser on that Device.  This means, for example, that if you block or disable browser cookies for Internet Explorer 9 on one Device, this choice shall not block or disable browser cookies when you use Mozilla Firefox on the same Device or on a different Device using Internet Explorer 9.
Automatic Disabling of Third Party Cookies and Effect on Certain Opt-Outs.  Some Device manufacturers and/or browsers (such as Safari) may preset their browser to automatically disable browser cookies from websites, applications or other interactive services other than those you visit directly (sometimes referred to as third party cookies) and, if so, the opt-out choices you have exercised with regard to third parties may not function and you may need to enable third party cookies in order for your opt-out choices to function.  For example, unless you enable third party cookies on Safari, your opt-out choices made on the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising site and on the Network Advertising Initiative site may not function.
You shall still receive advertisements.  Deleting or disabling Third Party Service Providers’, Advertisers’ or the Site's Tracking Technologies does not mean that you shall no longer receive online ads.  If you delete or disable third party Tracking Technologies (or, if third party Tracking Technologies are automatically disabled, if you do not enable such Tracking Technologies), this only means that such ads may no longer be tailored to your specific viewing habits or interests, but you shall continue to see ads on this Site and you may see the same advertisement repeatedly or may see advertisements more frequently unless you enable Tracking Technologies set by third parties, unless such frequency capping is provided through Tracking Technologies set by the Site or unless you opt-in through alternative means that may be offered by us to enable such functionality.  Furthermore, as described above (see "Information Collected Through the Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies" section above), even if you delete third party Tracking Technologies, we may enlist the assistance of Third Party Service Providers in order for the Site to set Tracking Technologies, for example, to ensure you do not see the same advertisement repeatedly or to limit how often you see advertisements.
Limitations Regarding Web Beacons.  Web beacons cannot be deleted or disabled using the above opt-out options, but may be affected if such web beacons rely on browser cookies or other deleted or disabled Tracking Technologies to track your activities.
How to Manage Flash LSOs (sometimes known as Flash Cookies). Control of Flash LSOs (sometimes known as Flash Cookies) Must Be Handled Separately.  PLEASE NOTE THAT THE USE AND STORAGE OF FLASH LSOs TYPICALLY CANNOT BE CONTROLLED THROUGH YOUR INTERNET BROWSER.  Deleting, rejecting, disabling or turning off Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers and set by this Site through the above options shall not remove Flash LSOs.  For more information about Flash LSOs and how to remove them from your computer, please visit http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html.  If you remove Flash LSOs, you may not have access to certain features of the Site and some of our other services may not function properly.
Other Effects of Managing Tracking Technologies.  In addition to the above, if you delete or disable Tracking Technologies set by the Site, unless we offer alternative means to enable such functionality, the Site may no longer be able to offer certain features or functionality to you, such as remembering your preferences, remembering your username, saving your player settings or other purposes described in "Other Information Collected By Us" in Section 4(b) above, and some of our other services may not function properly.  In addition to the above, if you disable or delete Tracking Technologies set by Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers (or if such Tracking Technologies are automatically disabled on your Device or browser), unless we offer alternative means to enable such functionality, the Site may no longer be able to offer certain functionality to you, such as saving your player settings and certain services or advertisements may not work for such Devices or browsers.
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms.  Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the websites with which the browser communicates.  Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.  There currently is disagreement, including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization, concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals.
We currently do not take action in response to these signals, but, if and when a final standard is established and accepted, we may reassess how to respond to these signals.  Instead, as described above, please see the link to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising program that we follow that offers you choice regarding Information collected for online behavioral advertising purposes and the browser cookie controls and other mechanisms described in this Section 5(b)(iii) and in Sections 5(b)(i) and (ii).


6.    [reserved]
7.  Sharing and Disclosure of Information.
a.  Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information.
Generally, we do not sell, rent, lease or disclose your Personal Information to third parties, except if you consent to such disclosure at the time you provide the Personal Information or as described in this Privacy Policy. See Section 10 of the Terms of Use for how registered users of this Site who are California residents and are under 18 years of age may request removal of content or Information in Postings.

i.  Disclosure to VII.  We may disclose Personal Information to VII for administrative and/or other purposes, but do not share Personal Information with VII's separate marketing purposes except as disclosed in the opt-in consent.  You can choose to opt-out of certain such uses as described in the "Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information" Section above.
ii. Disclosure of Certain Information in Postings Intended to Be Disclosed.  Certain Personal Information associated with a Posting may be intended for disclosure ("Posting Information"), such as username.  We shall disclose Posting Information in connection with the display of, and other services relating to, such Posting.
iii.    Disclosure In Connection with Co-Branded Services and Features for Administrative Purposes and With Opt-In Consent for Marketing Purposes.  The Site may also offer services and features, such as events and Promotions, that we put together with another company ("Co-Branded Partner") and that may be hosted on the Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner's or a Promotion-specific website, application or other interactive service. The Co-Branded Partner shall be identified on the co-branded feature or service and, in connection with any disclosure to the Co-Branded Partner of Personal Information for marketing purposes, you shall be given the opportunity to opt into the disclosure to the Co-Branded Partner for marketing purposes of Personal Information collected as part of the co-branded service or feature and be provided with a link to the Co-Branded Partner's privacy policy.  If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner's future use of such Personal Information for marketing purposes, you shall need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly and the use of such information by Co-Branded Partner is subject to Co-Branded Partner's privacy policy.  Please note that your Information may be shared with Co-Branded Partners for purposes of administering or conducting the co-branded services and features (but not for marketing purposes) without an opt in (for example, if the Co-Branded Partner is administering a Promotion you have entered, your Information may be shared with the Co-Branded Partner so that the Co-Branded Partner can verify your eligibility and/or contact you if you are a potential winner).
iv.  Disclosure to Operational Service Providers. We also have the right to disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Site's services, features, functions and operations.  We shall refer to these third parties as "operational service providers".  We use operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of content, activities, services, features and functions we bring you and we disclose your Information to operational service providers for the purpose of providing services to us.
v.  Disclosure to Certain Other Third Parties.   In addition to the above, we shall make your Personal Information available to certain third parties in the following limited circumstances:

When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency, court or other entity (e.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process) or if requested by a governmental agency or other authority as part of an investigation;
If we believe your actions violate any law, rule, regulation and/or the Terms of Use Agreement, including, without limitation, this Privacy Policy or Additional Terms;
In connection with Promotions, as necessary to administer the Promotion or as required by applicable laws, rules or regulations (for example, to provide winners’ lists or make required filings as appropriate);
If you opt-in or otherwise agree to have your Personal Information shared with or otherwise disclosed to a third party for marketing or other purposes, in which case the third party's use of your Information is subject to the third party's own privacy policy;
If, in our sole discretion, we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate: to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries; to protect our business and assets or the rights, property or safety of the Channel, VII, or any of its or their operational service providers, licensors, suppliers, Advertisers, customers, users, or any other party; to limit our legal liability; to defend our interests; to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use Agreement and/or to comply with our legal, regulatory, audit and compliance obligations or requests by law enforcement or other governmental agencies or authorities and/or
In the event of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, sale, transfer of control, joint venture or other business combination involving us, or VII.


b.  Sharing and Disclosure of Other Information.  We may share Other Information with or otherwise disclose Other Information to third parties, but we do not disclose Personal Information to them except as described in this Privacy Policy.
8.  Reviewing, Updating or Deleting Information.
Generally, you may review, update or delete certain Information collected by the Site, if you are a registered user of the Site and logged into the Site, by clicking "My Account" at the top of the Site and then selecting "Edit Personal Information".  However, Personal Information that is necessary to check eligibility, such as date of birth or age, cannot be deleted, but may be modified with sufficient verification of the correct information.  We will allow you to change the password portion of your User ID, as well as certain other Information you have given us in order to keep your information current.
Certain Information collected for certain entries into Promotions are subject to corporate and regulatory recordkeeping requirements and will not be deleted upon the user's request, unless the entrant is a child under the age of 13 years old.
If the burden or expense of providing access to your Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated, we may decide not to provide access to such Information. In such cases, we will provide to you an explanation of why access cannot be provided and contact information for further inquiries.
Children or Ineligible Teenagers.  If we, or VII, inadvertently send an email or text message to a person that does not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the Site, such as a child (a person under the age of 13) or others who do not meet the greater age requirements of the Site or certain features of this Site ("Ineligible Teenagers"), the child (or Ineligible Teenager) or the child's (or Ineligible Teenager's) parent or legal guardian (the "Parent") always has the right to unsubscribe (opt-out) from receiving future emails or text messages via the unsubscribe mechanism contained in the email or message.  The same unsubscribe process is available to a parent or legal guardian of a minor (a person under the age of 18, or the age of majority in your state or country).
In addition, Parents of children or Ineligible Teenagers who wish to terminate their child's or Ineligible Teenager's membership must use their child's or Ineligible Teenager's User ID to gain direct access to the account, and follow the procedures in the "Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or Use" Section of the Terms of Use Agreement to terminate their child's or Ineligible Teenager's member; alternatively, Parents may contact us via the Contact Us page  and provide us with your child's or Ineligible Teenager's User ID and request to terminate your child's or Ineligible Teenager's account and registration.  If a Parent does not have his or her child's or Ineligible Teenager's User ID, the Parent will be required to contact us via the Contact Us page and include the Parent's name, address, telephone and email address, in addition to the child's or Ineligible Teenager's name and email address as registered on the Site, plus the child's or Ineligible Teenager's date of birth.  The Parent must also provide verifiable identification that they are the parent or legal guardian of the child or Ineligible Teenager. The Site will send a confirming email to the Parent via the email address provided to verify that the Parent wishes to terminate his or her child's or Ineligible Teenager's account and registration and may provide further information or request additional information before terminating the child's or Ineligible Teenager's account, .  The Parent must then confirm by sending a reply email to the designated return address.  The Site will then terminate the child's or Ineligible Teenager's account but will notify the child or Ineligible Teenager of the termination request via email and will identify the name, address and email address of the person making the request.
We will not allow direct access to a user's account and Personal Information by any person without the user's User ID.
9.  Protection of Information.
While no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we maintain commercially reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Information.  However, regardless of our efforts and the Device you use to access the Site, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission.  While no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions but may not always secure other parts of the Site.  We also limit our employees’ access to Information collected by the Site to those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such Information and any employee found violating our standards of security and confidentiality shall be subject to our disciplinary processes.  We request that our operational service providers follow similar standards of security and confidentiality.
Phishing.  Phishing attacks attempt to steal consumers’ personal identity data and financial account credentials.  "Phishers" use ‘spoofed’ e-mails to lead consumers to counterfeit websites designed to trick recipients into divulging Information such as credit card numbers, account usernames, passwords and social security numbers.  WE DO NOT SEND EMAILS ASKING YOU TO PROVIDE OR CONFIRM CREDIT CARD NUMBERS, SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS OR YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD!  If you receive such email communication, please contact us via the Contact Us page, and then immediately delete the fraudulent email from your computer.
10. Your California Privacy Rights.
If you are a resident of the State of California, we provide you with notice and choice over disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties (such as Advertisers) for marketing purposes (see "Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information" above).  Therefore, pursuant to the California Civil Code, the notice and choice we provide regarding disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes (and this Section) satisfies our obligation to otherwise maintain or furnish users with a list of the names and addresses of third parties who receive Personal Information from us for marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and have additional questions on our sharing of your Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes, you may send us your questions by email to the Privacy Administrator at privacy@viacom.com.
All requests must be labeled "Your California Privacy Rights" on the email subject line. For all requests, please clearly state that the request is related to "Your California Privacy Rights", include your name, street address, city, state, zip code and email address (your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email), include the name and URL (if applicable) of the website, application or other interactive service and indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail).  We shall not accept requests via postal mail, telephone or facsimile. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or may not be able to respond if you do not provide complete information.
11.  Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice.
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated Privacy Policy without advance notice to you.  Such revisions shall be effective immediately upon posting.  Notice of material changes may be posted on the Site's homepage and/or may be provided by e-mailing you or notifying you upon login about these changes; the form of such notice is at our discretion.  However, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement often for updates.
12. Miscellaneous.

a.  Accuracy and Confidentiality.   It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information, including Personal Information, and to keep such information up to date.  We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete information or Personal Information or you fail to update such information or Personal Information.  We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false, fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your User ID, if applicable, and for any charges, costs, expenses, damages, liabilities and losses we incur or may suffer as a result of your failure to do so. You, and not us, are solely responsible and liable for the activity, behavior, use and conduct on the Site under your User ID (whether used by you or any others who use your User ID), unless and until you notify us that your User ID may have been compromised, misappropriated or improperly taken or used by another party.   We reserve the right to deny access, use and registration privileges to any user, including without limitation, a registered user, of any services, features or functions of the Site if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access the user's account or any services, features or functions.
Further, if you use any of the Communities features and functions made available on or through the Site, please remember that any Information disclosed in these venues is automatically made public and please use caution when disclosing any Personal Information in the Communities, as you do not know who may access and use your Personal Information or for what purposes. This Site and VII are in no way responsible for the accuracy, use, or misuse of any information, including Personal Information, that you disclose or receive through these venues and you should assume that any disclosure you do make in these venues will be available publicly, even without your knowledge or authorization.
b.  Questions. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, if you do not understand any information about how we collect, maintain, use or share your Personal Information or Other Information or if you would like more information about the Personal Information the Site collects about you, you may contact us directly by sending an email to privacy@viacom.com.  For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, zip code and email address (your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email), include the name and URL (if applicable) of the website, application or other interactive service, indicate your preference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail) and include the description "Privacy Request" in the subject of the email.  We shall not accept requests via postal mail, telephone or facsimile. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or may not be able to respond if you do not provide complete information.
c.  Sole Statement: This document is the sole statement of the Site's Privacy Policy and no summary, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, including, but not limited to, machine-generated, is valid.
d.  Other:  Please review our Terms of Use Agreement which governs your use of the Site.  Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Use Agreement.

This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately.
Copyright © 2014 RateMyProfessors.com LLC, a subsidiary of Viacom International Inc. - All Rights Reserved.


Last Modified: September 8, 2014
COPYRIGHT COMPLIANCE POLICY
This is the official copyright compliance policy ("Copyright Compliance Policy") for the specific Internet website, application or other interactive service ("Site," "we," "us," or "our") that includes an authorized link to this Copyright Compliance Policy.  The Site is owned, operated and/or provided by RateMyProfessors.com LLC, a subsidiary of Viacom International Inc., which offers television channel or programming services (such as Internet websites, applications or other interactive services) and offers other products and services under various brands, such as those Viacom Media Networks brands listed here (this Site together with the associated VII television channel or programming service, if any, the "Channel").  Viacom International Inc., along with its Affiliates, shall be referred to collectively as "VII".  "Affiliates" refers to Viacom International Inc.'s parent company Viacom Inc. and all corporate affiliates that Viacom Inc. directly or indirectly owns or controls (such as Paramount Pictures Corporation and the other corporate affiliates of Viacom Media Networks as described in the link here.
This Copyright Compliance Policy is a part of the terms and conditions which are set forth in our Terms of Use Agreement.  Any terms that are not defined in this Copyright Compliance Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Use Agreement.   Both the Terms of Use Agreement and this Copyright Compliance Policy are legally binding on all users.
We take protection of copyrights, both our own and others, very seriously.  We therefore employ multiple measures to prevent copyright infringement over this Site and to promptly end any infringement that might occur.
How to Send a Notice of Copyright Infringement
If you are a copyright owner (or the owner's authorized agent) and have a good-faith belief that material on our website infringes one of your copyrights, you may notify us using this procedure.  In order for us to process your notice of copyright infringement, it must be sent to the agent designated below and must include the information specified below.  When we receive a notice under this procedure, we will expeditiously remove or disable access to the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity.
Send your notice of infringement to our designated agent for receiving such notices:
Name of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement:
Warren Solow
Full Address of Designated Agent to Which Notification Should be Sent to:
1515 Broadway, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10036
Facsimile Number of Designated Agent:
201.422.6630
Email Address of Designated Agent:
copyright@mtvn.com
DO NOT SEND ANY INQUIRIES UNRELATED TO COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT (e.g., REQUESTS FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE OR CUSTOMER SERVICE, REPORTS OR E-MAIL ABUSE, etc.) TO THE CONTACT LISTED ABOVE.  YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE IF SENT TO THAT CONTACT.
Your notice of infringement must be a written communication provided to the agent designated above that includes substantially the following information:
(1) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 
(2) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on our Site is covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works on our Site. 
(3) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material. 
(4) Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted. 
(5) A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. 
(6) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
WE CAUTION YOU THAT IF YOU KNOWINGLY MISREPRESENT THAT ONLINE CONTENT IS INFRINGING, YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO HEAVY CIVIL PENALTIES. THESE INCLUDE MONETARY DAMAGES, COURT COSTS, AND ATTORNEYS FEES INCURRED BY US, BY ANY COPYRIGHT OWNER, OR BY ANY COPYRIGHT OWNER'S LICENSEE THAT IS INJURED AS A RESULT OF OUR RELYING UPON YOUR MISREPRESENTATION.  YOU MAY ALSO BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION FOR PERJURY.
How to Send a Counternotice If Your Posting Was Removed in Response to a Notice of Infringement and You Believe the Posting Is Not Infringing
As explained above, if we receive a notice of infringement sent to our designated agent with the information described above, we will expeditiously remove or block access to the material that is claimed to be infringing.  We will also send a notification to the user who posted the material, at the email address provided by the user in connection with his or her account with us, telling the user that the material was removed or access to it was blocked because of claimed infringement.
If you are a user who posted material that was removed in response to a notice of infringement and you believe that material was removed due to mistake or misidentification, you may request that we replace the posting by sending us a counternotice as follows:
You must send the counternotice to our designated agent for receiving notices of infringement, whose name and contact information is above.
Your counternotice must be a written communication sent and must include substantially the following information:
(1) A physical or electronic signature of the subscriber (you the user).
(2) Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled. 
(3) A statement under penalty of perjury that the user has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled. 
(4) The user's name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the user consents to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the user's address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which the service provider may be found, and that the user will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of copyright infringement or an agent of such person.
When we receive a counternotice that complies with these requirements, we reserve the right, but not the obligation, to restore the material that was removed after forwarding a copy of the counternotice to the person who sent the notice of infringement and waiting at least 10 business days.  If, during those 10 business days, the person who sent the original notice of infringement notifies us that such person has instituted a suit to seek a court order to restrain the user from infringing activity relating to the material on our website, we will not replace the material.  Otherwise, we may repost the material at our discretion.  However, pursuant to the Section of the Terms of Use Agreement entitled "Postings", we retain the right to remove, block access to, or not restore material at any time for any reason without any liability to the posting user.  In particular, a user who sends a counternotice pursuant to this Copyright Compliance Policy expressly acknowledges and agrees that we shall not be liable to the user under any circumstances for declining to replace material.
WE CAUTION YOU THAT IF YOU KNOWINGLY MISREPRESENT THAT ONLINE CONTENT IS NOT INFRINGING, YOU MAY BE SUBJECT TO HEAVY CIVIL PENALTIES. THESE INCLUDE MONETARY DAMAGES, COURT COSTS, AND ATTORNEYS FEES INCURRED BY US, BY ANY COPYRIGHT OWNER, OR BY ANY COPYRIGHT OWNER'S LICENSEE THAT IS INJURED AS A RESULT OF OUR RELYING UPON YOUR MISREPRESENTATION.  YOU MAY ALSO BE SUBJECT TO CRIMINAL PROSECUTION FOR PERJURY.
Repeat Infringer Policy
We have a policy of terminating the accounts of repeat infringers.  A repeat infringer includes any user who has made two or more Postings for which we receive a notice of infringement under this Copyright Compliance Policy.  Each user agrees that if his or her account is terminated pursuant to this Copyright Compliance Policy, the user will not attempt to establish a new account under any name, real or assumed, and further agrees that if the user violates this restriction by opening a new account after being terminated pursuant to this Copyright Compliance Policy, the user shall indemnify and hold us harmless for any and all liability that we may incur therefor.
Sole Statement: This document is the sole statement of the Copyright Compliance Policy with respect to this Site, and no summary, restatement or other version thereof, or other statement or policy, in any form, including, without limitation, machine-generated, is valid.
This Copyright Compliance Policy was last updated on the date noted above and is effective immediately.
Copyright © 2014 Viacom International Inc. - All Rights Reserved.

