
What information do we collect?

We collect information from you when you register on our site, respond to a survey or fill out a form. 

When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number. What do we use this information for?

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in any of the following ways:
To personalize your experienceYour information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our websiteWe continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails The email address you provide may be used to send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.

How do we protect your information?

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
We maintain your non-public personal information in accordance with our record retention guidelines.

Do we use cookies?

Yes.Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers’ hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.

Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer any of your personally identifiable information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Third party links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

Security

The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as contact information, user names, and passwords) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using Secure Socket Layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If clients have any questions about the security at our Web site, clients can contact us at help@consumercredit.com.

Opt-out

Our clients are given the opportunity to "opt-out" of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information. For example, our email newsletter has an opt-out mechanism so clients who do not want to be contacted via email will be taken off of our lists. To opt-out, send an email to help@consumercredit.com.

Online Privacy policy only

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.

Consent

By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.

Changes to our privacy policy

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this page. 

Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
American Consumer Credit Counseling130 Rumford Ave, Suite 202Auburndale, Massachusetts 02494
info@consumercredit.com
1-800-769-3571


