
Privacy Statement 
Last revised: December 19, 2013
				    TheMint.org web site neither tracks nor solicits personal information from visitors to the site.
Currently, the personally identifiable information of visitors to this site is protected. We understand the importance of protecting our users' identities (name, address, etc.). If this policy should change, we will update this privacy statement and add a warning message to the home page of this site:
Information that is gathered
Any email messages sent to TheMint are used only to record a visitor's comments about the web.
				    TheMint does not share any information with third parties.
This site also uses persistent cookies in connection with gathering Web site statistics through the Google Analytics services discussed below. This information is only collected in aggregate form. No personal information is collected.
This website does not contain any functionality to respond to or honor Web browser "do not track" signals or other similar mechanisms, and thus does not respond to or honor such signals or mechanisms.
This website does not enable third parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across different websites when a consumer visits this website. 
Aggregated Tracking Information
To enable us to continually improve on the content we offer our users, as well as for systems administration purposes, we collect aggregate information site-wide. This gives us an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means a user's session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous. To assist us in this process, this site uses the Analytics services provided by Google. In connection with the Analytics services used by this site, Google uses cookies to collect various non-personal information regarding visitors' use of this site, including daily unique visitors, page views, length of time of page views, page navigation paths, browser type used by visitors, and the type of operating system used by visitors. Again, this information is only collected in aggregate form. No personal information is collected.
Changes and Revisions
We reserve the right to amend this Statement from time to time. Any material change to our online privacy practices will be reflected in this Statement. We will indicate the date this Statement was last updated. 

