

At D.VICE we believe in your right to privacy. This is very important to us and all D.VICE staff understand the importance of your right to confidentiality. This means we won't sell or exchange your name or any other information about our online or in-store customers with other companies or organisations,* and that's a promise.
The D.VICE Newsletter
If you have joined the D.VICE email newsletter list you will receive regular emails (about 1-2 per month) to let you know about the hottest new gear, promotions, D.VICE Rewards and other special offers. If, for any reason you would like to be removed from our email list, you can select the unsubscribe link on the newsletter. 

D.VICE Rewards
If you have, or wish to join D.VICE Rewards, you will be protected by our commitment to your privacy. We will keep your information secure within the programme. We don't provide or promote any public visibility around how many people are involved with the D.VICE Rewards programme, the names or details of members, their points status, or rewards that have been redeemed. You will be in control of your membership with a secure login and password that is connected with D.VICE Rewards both in-store and online.
Discreet Delivery
All orders sent out by D.VICE are in unmarked (plain) courier bags or packages that do not include our business name (only 1 plain text sticker with our PO Box return address) should the order not reach it's destination and need to be returned to us and prepared for redelivery. 
Our privacy policy
We recognise and respect your privacy. We do collect anonymous data about how people use our site to help us improve the site. When we collect personal information (through email or forms) it is stored securely and only used for the purpose it was collected for—such as our mailing list. Any data collected is used only by approved staff. We will never sell your information.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy please contact us at info@dvice.co.nz.
Cookies
Cookies are used by many websites to collect information on visitor activity. For example, which pages are visited, in what order and where visitors come from. This anonymous aggregated information is used to improve the performance of the site and make it easier to use.
There are two types of cookies that we use:


A persistent cookie remains on your computer between visits to our site. It doesn't identify you personally, but lets us know that you have visited our site before.


A session cookie only remains on your computer while you are visiting our site


We do not use cookies to collect or store personal data and we do not share our cookies with other websites or organisations.
As a user you can have complete control over how your computer handles cookies by changing the settings in your browser (e.g. Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox).
Personal Information
Personal information is only collected from you to process orders or other transactions, or when you choose to sign up to the newsletter or D.VICE Rewards.
Any personal information you send us via email, online forms or other communication is stored securely and will not be used by anyone other than authorised staff.
Like any personal information collected on this website, we will use this information for the intended purpose, for example to process your order and ensure its safe and secure delivery.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or anything else, please contact us at info@dvice.co.nz.
*Where fraudulent or criminal activity has occurred D.VICE may be required to provide information to relevant authorities. In this instance we will provide only the information required.

