
If you want to use our services, you may be asked to provide some personal data, such as your first and last name, address, login, e-mail address, telephone number, mobile number, date of birth, language, and a copy of your identity card. We may also ask for other data which we need to deliver the service, such as specific preferences and requirements related to the service concerned.
Personal data can be collected through various channels: e.g. orally in the Proximus points-of-sale, by telephone via the customer service, in writing via order forms or via electronic forms on the websites, via the MyProximus app or by SMS. We can collect your personal data when you place an order, take part in a test, survey or competition, call the customer service, when you identify yourself as a user of a Pay&Go card, subscribe to a newsletter, or ask us for information. Your billing and payment data is also stored.
	In addition, we collect data about the use you make of our services and websites, about the types and brands of devices you use for this and about the communication traffic that transits our network. The communication traffic may include the fixed and mobile telephone numbers called, the date, the time, the duration and location of a communication or of an Internet connection. We can also use socio-demographic data and consumer information that we buy from specialized agencies.
The personal data that we collect via these different channels is stored in files held by Proximus plc under Belgian Public Law (Bd du Roi Albert II, 27, 1030 Brussels). This data is used to deliver the required service or information, to establish and bill the connection with the electronic communication networks of other operators, for customer administration, to draw up and distribute telephone directories and offer directory assistance, to market the telephone numbers and addresses mentioned in the telephone directories, for dispute management, to detect fraud and infringements committed against Proximus, its employees, customers or suppliers, to improve the quality of the services, for the planning and organization of the telecommunications infrastructure, for market research and customer profiling to provide you with more relevant information about our products, services and offers and to attune the advertising on Proximus TV more closely to any interests and needs you might have. All the data we collect can be combined to create your profile and better attune our offers to your personal needs.
If you do not wish to receive any information about our products and services, or if you have a specific preference for the communication channels we use to inform you, or if you do not want us to adapt our offer or advertising on Proximus TV based on your profile, please refer  to the "Your wish for privacy" section to find out how to opt out of this.
Personal data is stored for up to 10 years after a person has ceased to be a Proximus customer. Shorter storage periods apply to certain categories of data, such as the data about your communication traffic, which is not retained for longer than 12 months.
In accordance with the law, all processing of customer data has been notified to the Commission for the Protection of Privacy. Proximus’ identification number for these notifications is HM 133424. Notification has been filed for several purposes, such as customer administration, direct marketing, market research, customer profiling, dispute management, combating of fraud, telephone directories, trade in personal data, camera surveillance and reporting services.

