
You can view your personal data
You have the right to request access to your personal data. We will then provide you with an overview of the personal data we process on you. We will also give you additional information on, for example, why these personal data are processed, the origin of the data, the types of third parties with whom we share your personal data, etc.
You can correct your personal data
If you notice that certain data that Proximus has about you are no longer correct, you can adapt them. For this, contact our customer service.
Some personal data, such as contact details, are available in the MyProximus environment and you can adapt them there.
You can have your personal data deleted
In certain cases (e.g. if you suspect that Proximus has unlawfully processed your personal data), you can ask for your personal data to be deleted.
Proximus is unable to delete certain personal data (e.g. billing data) because it is required by law to keep that data.
You can object to the use of certain personal data
You can object (without a motivation) to the use of your personal data for marketing purposes. Via MyProximus (web)/my account/my notifications, you can separately indicate whether we can contact you by phone (mobile or landline), text message, e-mail, post, or pop-up via the web.
You can also follow the instructions in the e-mails and texts you receive from Proximus to stop receiving such commercial messages in the future.
If you have a specific reason (motivated request), you can object to Proximus using your personal data for purposes other than those required for the performance of an agreement or for complying with a legal obligation (e.g. fraud prevention). In case of a justified request, Proximus will stop using your personal data unless we have compelling grounds to continue using it.
You can withdraw a consent previously given
Whenever you give us explicit consent to process personal data for specific purposes (e.g. personalized TV advertisement), you can withdraw the consent previously given at any time. You can do this via MyProximus (web)/my account/my privacy or via MyProximus (app)/account settings/edit privacy settings.
You can change your choice any time
Bear in mind that the change of choice will not be visible immediately in all environments (MyProximus web and app, Proximus TV). It takes some time for the change to be processed in our systems and databases.
You can sometimes object to the automatic processing of your personal data
If Proximus processes your personal data in a totally automatic way (without human intervention), you can object to this.
You can ask to transfer your personal data
You can transfer personal data that you provided to Proximus (e.g. contact details) to yourself or a third party.
You can register on the Do Not Call Me list
If you no longer wish to receive any commercial calls from any company or organization on your landline or mobile, you can register to have your name put on the "Do Not Call Me" list. You can do this on the website www.dncm.be, by calling the number 078-77 00 12, or by sending a letter to Do Not Call Me vzw, Z1 Research park 120 – 1731 Zellik.
All companies and organizations that make offers by telephone or mobile phone are required by law to comply with this list. They have to remove your telephone number and name from their call files, and are no longer allowed to call you about their products or services or promotional offers. Each company and organization is responsible for respecting the "Do Not Call Me" list. Proximus has no powers to supervise or control this within companies other than Proximus.
For any complaints regarding unsolicited commercial calls, you can contact the Federal Public Service FPS Economy, SMEs, Self-Employed and Energy, Contact Center, Rue du Progrès 50, 1210 Brussels, call the toll-free number 0800 120 33, or contact the hotline: meldpunt.belgie.be, section "Vervelende telefoontjes" (unsolicited phone calls).
You can register on the Robinson list
If you no longer wish to receive commercial letters from companies that are members of the Belgian Direct Marketing Association, you can register on the Robinson list via www.robinson.be or the following address: BDMA – Dienst Robinson, Z1 Research park 120 – 1731 Zellik.

