
How do I connect my Suunto device to Movescount?
      You can connect your device to Movescount with Moveslink software. Moveslink will transfer the data from you device to Movescount and also transfer device settings from Movescount to your device. You can download and install the Moveslink from: Connect - Moveslink 
Where can I find the latest version of Moveslink?
      You can always get the latest version of Moveslink from: Connect page. Once you have installed the Moveslink it will inform you about updates as they become available.


      How do I connect my heart rate monitor to Moveslink?
      First, make sure you have Moveslink running (you should be able to see a small Moveslink icon next to the small taskbar icons.) Connect your device to your computer and let the Moveslink transfer you Moves. How to connect your device to your computer, follow the steps 2 and 3 from Moveslink page: Connect page.


      Moveslink with Suunto Ambit
      Use Moveslink2 software to connect your Suunto Ambit to your computer. Connect the cable to your computer's USB plug and to Ambit. Your new Moves and/or your updated settings, POI's and routes will be transferred between the watch and Movescount.
      Read more about this: Connect page.
Moveslink with Suunto GPS Track POD
      Use Moveslink2 software to connect your Suunto GPS Track POD to your computer. Connect the cable to your computer's USB plug and to GPS Track POD. Your new Moves will be transferred to Movescount.


      Moveslink with Suunto Quest
      Use Moveslink software to connect your Suunto Quest to your computer. Plug the Movestick Mini into your computer USB slot, then start the communication from your Suunto Quest. To do this, press the [START STOP] button, select WEB CONNECT by using [START STOP] or [LIGHT LOCK] buttons, and select the option with [NEXT] button. After this your new Moves and/or your updated settings will be transferred between the watch and Movescount.
      Read more: Connect - Moveslink.
Moveslink with Suunto t6, t6c or t6d
      Use your data cable: connect the cable to your computer's USB plug and the t6. Moveslink will automatically transfer your new Moves to Movescount.
      Read more: Connect - Moveslink 
Moveslink with Suunto M4 or M5
      Use the Suunto Moveslink to connect the heart rate monitor to your computer. Plug the Movestick into your computer USB slot, then go to your heart rate monitor and start the data communication. To do this, press the [START STOP] button, select WEB CONNECT by using [START STOP] or [LIGHT LOCK] buttons, and select the option with [NEXT] button. After this your new Moves should automatically be transferred to Movescount.
      Read more: Connect - Moveslink 
Moveslink with Suunto t4, t4c, t4d, t3, t3c or t3d
      Use the Suunto Moveslink to connect the heart rate monitor to your computer. Plug the Movestick into your computer USB slot, then go to your heart rate monitor to start the data communication. To do this, go to TIME mode and then give the [VIEWS] button a long press. (In older models the VIEWS button is called Alt Back button.) After this your new Moves should automatically be transferred to Movescount.
      Read more: Connect - Moveslink 
Why can I not modify Suunto t3 and t4 device settings in Movescount?
      You are able to see the settings for these devices in Movescount. However you cannot modify these. Suunto t3 and t4 doesn't support the functionality where settings could be updated by the software.

      Is Suunto X6HR supported?
      Unfortunately support for Suunto X6HR in Moveslink is not currently planned.


      Is Suunto X9 supported?
      Only Suunto X10, x9i and X9Mi are supported in Moveslink. Unfortunately, support for Suunto X9 is not possible.

      Is there some gaps in X9i/X10 features when using Movescount?
      Yes. Currently you cannot transfer waypoints from Movescount to your device. Also the memorypoints that you have marked during your outdoor activity are not transfered to Movescount. The settings are transfered from Movescount to device and of course your Moves with routes that you have done should be transferred from device to Movescount.

      Why Suunto Memory Belt data isn't uploaded to Movescount?
      Is the date correct in your Memory Belt? IMPORTANT: If you replace the battery to Memory Belt, you have to connect the belt to Movescount before using it. This will update the correct date to the belt. If you haven't done this before doing some exercise, you should look for your Moves from year 2000. Moveslink transfers only the logs that are recorded after the last data transfer from the device.

    
