

        8. Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties
      

        Yola may share your Personal Information with third parties (or
        otherwise allow them access to it) only in the following manners and
        instances:
      
8.1. Third Party Services

        Yola has partnered with a number of selected service providers, whose services and
        solutions complement, facilitate and enhance our own.
        These include service providers, hosting and server co-location
        services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), billing
        and payment processing services, domain name registrars, fraud
        detection and prevention services, web and service analytics, e-mail
        distribution and monitoring services, session recording, performance
        measurement data optimization and marketing services, customer service
        outsourcing, content providers, and our legal and financial advisors
        (collectively, “Third Party Service(s)”).
      

        Such Third Party Services may receive or otherwise have access to our
        Visitors’ and Users’ Personal Information and/or Users-of-Users’
        Personal Information, in its entirety or in part — depending on
        each of their particular roles and purposes in facilitating and
        enhancing our Services and business, and may only use it for such
        purposes.
      

        Note that while our Services may contain links to other websites or
        services, we are not responsible for such websites’ or services’
        privacy practices, and encourage you to be aware when you leave our
        Services and read the privacy statements of each and every website and
        service you visit.
        This Privacy Policy does not apply to such linked third-party websites
        and services.
      

        Yola is accountable for personal data that it receives under the
        Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party as described
        in the Privacy Shield Principles.
        In particular, Yola remains responsible and liable under the Privacy
        Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the
        personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the
        Principles, unless Yola proves that it is not responsible for the event
        giving rise to the damage.
      

        8.2. Law Enforcement, Legal Requests and Duties
      

        Yola may disclose or otherwise allow others access to your Personal
        Information pursuant to a legal request, such as a subpoena, legal
        proceedings, search warrant or court order, or in compliance with
        applicable laws, if we have a good faith belief that the law requires
        us to do so, with or without notice to you.
      
8.3. Protecting Rights and Safety

        Yola may share your Personal Information with others if we believe in
        good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal
        safety of Yola, any of our Users, any Users-of-Users, or any member of
        the general public, with or without notice to you.
      

        8.4. Social Media Features and Framed Pages
      

        Our Services include certain Social Media features and widgets, such as
        the “Facebook Connect” or “Google Sign-in” features, “Facebook Like”
        button, the “Share this” button or other interactive mini-programs
        (“Social Media Features”).
        These Social Media Features may collect information such as your IP
        address or which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a
        cookie to enable them to function properly.
        Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted
        directly on our Services.
        Your interactions with these third parties are governed by their
        policies and not ours.
      

        In addition, our Services may enable you to share your Personal
        Information with third parties directly, such as via page framing
        techniques to serve content to or from Third Party Services or other
        parties, while preserving the look and feel of our Site and Services
        (“Frames”).
        Please be aware that if you choose to interact or share any Personal
        Information via such Frames, you are in fact providing it to these
        third parties and not to us, and such interactions and sharing too are
        governed by such third parties’ policies and not ours.
      

        8.5. Yola Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
      

        We may share Personal Information internally within our family of
        companies, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
        For example, we may share your Personal Information with co-owned
        affiliates which employ Yola employees in the US, Ukraine and South
        Africa, in the course of facilitating and providing you (and your
        Users-of-Users) with our Services.
        In addition, should Yola or any of its affiliates undergo any change in
        control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of
        substantially all of its assets, your Personal Information may be
        shared with the parties involved in such event.
        If we have a good faith belief that such change in control might
        materially affect your Personal Information then stored with us, we
        will notify you via e-mail and/or prominent notice on our Site of this
        event and certain choices you may have regarding your Personal
        Information.
        Sharing of Personal Information from Yola subsidiaries and affiliated
        companies in the European Union and Switzerland to Yola’s United States
        subsidiary, adheres to the EU–US and Swiss–US Privacy Shield
        frameworks.
      

        For the avoidance of doubt, Yola may share your Personal Information in
        manners other than as described above, pursuant to your explicit
        approval, or if we are legally obligated to do so.
        Moreover, Yola may transfer, share, disclose or otherwise use
        Non-personal Information in its sole discretion and without the need
        for further approval.
      

        In the event that Yola transfers your personal information to a third
        party that is acting as an agent, Yola will enter into a written
        agreement with such third party requiring that the third party provide
        at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by the
        relevant principles, and also requiring that personal data is only
        processed for limited and specified purposes.
      

