Below is information regarding ghacks.net's commitment to protect the privacy of users and to ensure the integrity of the Internet.
(This Privacy Policy was last revised on April 19, 2018)
Internet user privacy is of paramount importance to Ghacks.net. The success of our business depends upon our ability to maintain the trust of our users. If for any reason you have concerns about our software or website's privacy policies, please contact us. We are committed to ensuring that every user's needs are addressed.
Collection of Personal Information
In the course of delivering this site to you, Ghacks.net does NOT collect any personally-identifiable information about you, such as your name, address, phone number or email address without your knowledge, and are taking measures to protect your privacy.
You can send email requesting help and your email will NOT be shared in any way with any third party, and will only be used to send replies to you.
You can leave comments on the site and may do so completely anonymously. You may use your "real" email address or name; if you do, that data is associated with the comment. We won't use the information associated with comments in any way, won't sell the information or share it with third-parties. We don't associate IP addresses with comments or store them.
You may sign up to our site newsletter. We use a double opt-in for that and will store your email address for the sole purpose of delivering the newsletter to that email address. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. Your email address will be removed when you unsubscribe and no record of the data will be kept.
You may use the "report" functionality to report broken links, articles that need updating, and other issues to us. You can do so anonymously but may supply an email address if you want feedback. We delete all data immediately after the issue is resolved, usually within 24 hours.
The site displays share and subscribe options for select social networks. These are implemented in the most privacy-friendly manner; they are static links that don't connect to third-party sites by default and won't record any user interaction unless activated by the user.
Ads used on this website can use cookies and/or web beacons to collect data in the ad serving process. You can remove them at any time using your browser tools.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this matter, please feel free to contact us.
Third Party Advertising:
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click the links below.
The following third parties are supported:

DoubleClick DFA (www.doubleclick.com)
Mediaplex/ValueClick (www.mediaplex.com)
DoubleClick Rich Media (www.doubleclick.com)
Eyeblaster (www.eyeblaster.com)
EyeWonder (www.eyewonder.com)
Interpolls (www.interpolls.com)
Pointroll (www.pointroll.com)
Unicast (www.unicast.com)
Dynamic Logic/Safecount (www.safecount.net)
Factor TG (www.factortg.com)
IAG (www.iagr.com)
InsightExpress (www.insightexpress.com)

Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
