
Privacy Policy Effective Date: 04/14/2017 Namecheap Inc. (“Namecheap.com”) respects your privacy. We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to you, our customer, through transparent, easy-to-understand information regarding our data practices. Personal Information We Collect Our site uses forms in which you give us contact information (such as your name, address, phone number, fax number, billing information and email address) so you can create an account, place orders, register domains, request information, etc. We use your customer information for several business-related purposes that we outline in this policy. For example, if
you are purchasing a domain from us, we are required by law to collect and retain this information. We are further required to verify that the information provided is accurate and serve legally required notices regarding your domain(s). We also use this information to communicate material changes to our Universal Terms of Service or product policies and/or to
communicate any other information required by law. These are examples of legally required communications that you will receive. We also may use this information when it is important for us to contact you regarding functionality changes to our products, our website, new services and special offers we think you'll find valuable, and to provide customer service. If you would rather not receive this promotional-type of information, please use the "Profile → Tools" account functionality in your
dashboard to change your preferences at any time. Additionally, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in the newsletters you receive. These are examples of promotional types of communication that you have the ability to “opt-out” of receiving. Third-Party Providers We Use To Enhance Our Site We are dedicated to continually improving your experience on our website. Like many companies, we use third-parties to help us track browsing, identify technical issues and provide ways to enhance your overall experience. Below we list several of the tools that we use and what they do.   Log Files We use information gathered about you from our site statistics via log files provided by third-party tracking partners (for example, your IP address) to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. We also gather broad demographic information from this data to help us improve our site and make your browsing and purchasing experiences more enjoyable.
    This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.   Cookies Our site uses cookies to keep track of your session information. We do link the information we store in cookies to personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of
    time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your internet browser’s “help” file. We also use cookies to store your username if you request to have your username remembered during login. That information will be used to pre-fill the login form at a later time. If you are referred to our website through an ad or a partner, we will store the referral information in the cookies. The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company and service providers is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our tracking utility company uses session ID cookies to help us improve our site and make your browsing and purchasing experiences more enjoyable.   Gifs Our third-party tracking utility company employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs) that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with unique identifiers, similar in function to cookies; they are used to track the online movements of web users. In contrast to cookies,
    which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Our tracking utility company does not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information.   Third-Party Product Offerings & Websites Our site also contains links to other third-party websites, especially where we offer their products or services. Namecheap (www.namecheap.com) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit. Site Security Our site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use 128-bit SSL security to encrypt any transmissions when you provide credit card information, personal data, etc. No method of electronic storage or transmission over the internet is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Ways In Which We Use Your Personal Information   Sending Emails We use emails to communicate with you, to confirm your placed orders, and to send information that you have requested. There are two types of email communications that we provide, as outlined above. One type of e-mail is legally required. Legally required emails cover ICANN mandated verification emails, renewal notices and any other policy or procedure created by ICANN which governs the purchase of domains. Additionally, we may be required by law to serve notices to
    you such as DMCA Takedown Notices, UDRP notices, etc. Or, we may deem a change to one of our policies to be material and, therefore, determine a duty (though not a legal requirement) to inform you of this change. These types of communications do not fall under any of our opt-out procedures. We do our best to limit promotional types of emails to communications that we believe will be useful to you. These cover special offers, new products and services and other benefits that we try to ensure would be beneficial to you. As mentioned earlier, you have the ability to opt-out of these communications.   Legally Required Disclosure We will never give out your information without your permission or in ways other than as outlined in this policy. The only exceptions to this are when we are required by law, in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, or when we must comply with a legal process served on our website. Examples of these types of exceptions are when we are required pursuant to court orders, subpoenas, and UDRP/URS
    processes. In each of these situations, we will carefully review the documentation provided and only comply if such documentation meets requisite legal standards.   Changes In Our Practices If we change our information-handling practices or other privacy aspects, we will post those changes on this privacy statement. If we make any material changes we will notify you by
    means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective, and we may also try to notify you through email of the privacy changes, if necessary.   Contests From time to time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary, and the user, therefore, has a choice whether or not to respond and disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name, email and shipping address) and demographic information (such as zip code and age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award
    prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site and/or any other purpose that we explicitly disclose in the contest rules.   Domain WhoIs Contact Information We are required by ICANN guidelines, and/or the Registries who issue domains, to collect and retain certain personally identifiable information. This information is required to be kept current and may be accessed for changes through your customer Account Panel. This information is further required by law to be made publically available unless you choose to use a privacy service to anonymize the information, such as WhoisGuard. Finally, ICANN requires that
    registrars must retain the Whois information, whether or not protected by a privacy service, for two (2) years after the domain expires or you are no longer the registrant. Because domain name registration information is available to the public, anyone can access it through "Whois" searches. At times, our customers may be included within these searches. However, the spam they receive does not in any way come from Namecheap and please note that we have no control over this information once it is available to the public. WhoIs contact information, which is protected by a privacy service, will be governed by the disclosure guidelines of the privacy service provider. We use a third party provider called WhoIsGuard. If you choose to utilize their product to protect personal information provided through domain WhoIs, please review their Terms of Services, as they are a separate entity from Namecheap.   Personal Information Following Termination of Account When your Namecheap account is cancelled (either voluntarily or involuntarily) all of your personally identifiable information is placed in "deactivated" status within our corresponding databases. However, you should know that deactivation of your account does not mean your personally identifiable information has been deleted from our database entirely. We will retain and use your personally identifiable information, if necessary, in order to resolve disputes,
    enforce our agreements and/or as required by laws or regulations.   Testimonials We post customer testimonials on our website which may contain personally identifiable information. We do obtain the customer's consent via email, prior to posting the testimonial, to post their name along with their testimonial. If you would like to request the removal of your testimonial from the site contact us at support@namecheap.com.   Public Blog Our website offers a publicly accessible blog. You should be aware that any information you provide in this area may be read, collected and used by others who access it. To request removal of your personal information from our blog, contact us at support@namecheap.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information. If this occurs, we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.  

