

Imgflip Privacy Policy
Images you create
Imgflip is a public image website, so any content submitted to the Imgflip community may be shown to the public.
If you create an image using one of the Imgflip generators but do not submit it to the Imgflip community, the link will still
be public and anyone who knows the link can access the image. Images not submitted to the
Imgflip community are unlikely to be publicly listed anywhere on Imgflip unless they receive
a high number of views, which are indicative of virality on a social network.
You can create images that are totally private by checking the "private" checkbox during creation,
but you will then have to download the images if you want to save them.
If you are logged in, you can instantly delete any images you create.
If you want to remain anonymous while logged in,
you can create images with "Anonymous" checked and your username will not be shown in association with the image.

Advertising
Imgflip may use third party advertising companies to serve ads on some pages that you visit while using this website.
While you browse this website, these companies may use non-personally identifiable information such as click stream data,
browser type, time and date, and data about the subject matter you interact with, in order to provide
you with more interesting ads. To learn more about behavioral advertising or to learn how to opt out of this type
of advertising, visit networkadvertising.org.

Cookies
Imgflip uses a small number of session and other first party cookies that directly provide features such as
UI preferences on the Imgflip website. These can be cleared at any time using your browser settings,
and can be further avoided by using your browser's incognito or private browsing mode.
Our third party services below may also use cookies, and you can visit their websites to see how they
use cookies and how you can control them.

Third Party Services
We use Google Analytics on all our pages and Google Adsense on pages that contain
ads. Ads can be disabled on all pages by using Imgflip Pro. We also use
Stripe and Paypal as payment processors, but they are only invoked if you subscribe or interact with
Imgflip Pro pages or dialogs.



