 Introduction and general terms    Our website, http://rbth.com, is an internet service published by Russia Beyond the Headlines, sponsored by Rossiyskaya Gazeta. By entering our site you accept our privacy policy. We may decide to change it at any time. We are obliged to write the changes in this document. Users are responsible for being aware of this policy in case there are any changes.    You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes within Russian and British law and in a manner which does not infringe the rights, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment, of this site by any third party.   Re-publishing content    Russia Beyond the Headlines and its proprietor, Rossiyskaya Gazeta, maintain full copyright to Russia Beyond the Headlines’ original published material. Written consent from the editor is required in order to republish any printed or online materials from Russia Beyond the Headlines.   However, all materials may be distributed or copied for non-commercial (personal, educational, research etc.) purposes without consent.    Given the above, Russia Beyond the Headlines allows republication of most of the original material published in this site free of charge. Restrictions may apply to some materials.   Requests to reprint Russia Beyond the Headlines material can be made by e-mail to info@rbth.com or fax to +7 (495) 775 31 14.  Requests to republish Russia Beyond the Headlines photos and cartoons can be made by e-mail to photo@rbth.com of fax +7 (495) 775 31 14.    Your letter should contain the following information: your organisation, contact person, position, e-mail address, telephone number, fax, URL of website, title of article you would like to reprint, author, publication date, details of your publication (newspaper, magazine, book, web site, newsletter, educational material, other), approximate date of publication, language of publication.   Upon receiving your request, Russia Beyond the Headlines will assess it and reply by email within four business days.   Please note that Russia Beyond the Headlines assesses all reprint requests on a case-by-case basis, which is dependent on the nature of the media in which our material is to be republished.   Please be advised that when articles or photographs are credited to a source other than Russia Beyond the Headlines (such as Russia Profile, The Moscow Times, RIA Novosti, etc.), it is likely the credited source holds the rights to the material and should therefore be contacted directly.   Most Russia Beyond the Headlines photographs, videos and audio materials are owned by outside proprietors and, thus, cannot be re-licensed. Please note that while re-publishing our content you must include an active hyperlink to the original publication.  Personal information    We encourage you to write letters to our editorial staff. We kindly ask you to provide full contact details. Russia Beyond the Headlines will not sell, rent, or share this or any other information. Contact information such as your location, phone number and e-mail address is often required on our forms so we can send you required information or contact you in the event of problems with your request or order.   We reserve the right to publish the letters of our readers and their names without paying any contribution to them both on the site and in print.   Conclusion    This policy applies every time you log onto this website. If you do not agree to this policy in full, please log out immediately. 
