

Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us. This notice explains Housing Works, Inc. and all non-profit subsidiaries of Housing Works, Inc. online information practices and the choices you can make about the way the information you provide us is collected and used.
DOMAIN NAME
Housing Works, Inc. server automatically recognizes, but does not collect or use your domain name (IP address). Housing Works, Inc. anonymously tracks your visit in order to compile statistical information about the use of its website. We do not collect individual information about you or your use of this site.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Housing Works, Inc. is the sole owner of and the only organization that uses the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others under any circumstances. We collect information from users only in connection with online donations, sales of tickets to special events, conference registrations, item purchases and for any other purposes that are clearly and explicitly identified.
On the online financial transactions pages listed above, we collect the following personally identifiable information: name, address, e-mail address, phone number. The personally identifiable information you provide is used to acknowledge receipt of your donation for tax purposes and to include you on Housing Works, Inc. mailing list. If you do not wish to be added to our mailing list, please let us know.
CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
You may correct or amend the personal information maintained in Housing Works, Inc. mailing lists by contacting us at donate@housingworks.org. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. Prior to being given any information, callers will be asked cross-referenced questions, i.e., full name, address, and phone number in order to verify their identity and protect the privacy of Housing Works, Inc. donors.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
This site contains links to other sites. Housing Works, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these linked websites.
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, Housing Works, Inc. has put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
In the event that Housing Works, Inc. decides to change its privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so that users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. In the event of any changes, however, we will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Should you have any questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us at webmaster@housingworks.org

