
ASK Real Estate and Financial services respects the privacy of each and every individual who visits our website or responds to our online communications. This Privacy Policy outlines the information that we collect from our website and online communications and how we may use that information to better serve our clients.
 
On our web site or through our online communications we may ask our clients for necessary information (such as your name, address, telephone number and/or your e-mail address). Your agreement to and provision of information is completely voluntary.When you do provide us with information, unless you are advised otherwise, we may use that information to improve our products and services, to tailor our web site or communications to better match our client interests and preferences, as an entry for a contest, or to contact you directly. We will not provide that information to third parties not affiliated with Ask Real Estate and Financial Services and its sister company Top Class Car Rentals.
 
If you do not want information collected from our web site and online communications, please do not agree to the collection of such information nor submit any information to us.
 
If you have already submitted personal information and would like us to remove it from our records, please contact us directly. At your request, the personal information you have provided us will be deleted from our existing files.
 
Cookies may collect some non-personal information automatically. Examples of this type of information include: type of Internet Browser, type of computer operating system used and the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our site or online communication. Please note that with most Internet Browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer's hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You should refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
 
Thank you for visiting our site!

