
Privacy Policy

OverviewASU Student Media, the operator of this site, in cooperation with our affiliated Media Partners and Sponsors, commits to ensuring that no information will be provided to others in any form that will personally identify you, unless you have authorized us to do so. Neither ASU Student Media nor our Media Partners will sell, share, or rent any personally identifiable information collected from you with other third parties unless you have authorized us to do so.ASU Student Media or our Partners may ask visitors for information that will help us improve our ability to present meaningful, tailored news, information, services and products. We regard the privacy and security of such information as a critical component of the services that we offer. The following explains the information gathering and dissemination practices used at our Web sites.Information Collection by PartnersInformation collected by our Partners is governed by their promises, statements, rules, and policies.Comments and RegistrationReaders and viewers wishing to comment on ASU Student Media produced content are encouraged to do so. Areas for comment are located at the bottom of most of our pages. ASU Student Media uses Facebook and Disqus logins or IDs in order to allow people to comment on our site. ASU Student Media’s rules, statements and polices, as well as the rules, statements, and policies of Facebook and/or Disqus are applicable to users who comment on our site.If you comment on our site your Disqus or Facebook Login/ID will be displayed with your comments.Contests, Surveys & ReferralsFrom time to time, we run contests and surveys on our site in which we may ask contestants for personal information and/or referrals. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), demographic information (such as zip code, age level) and preference information (interest in travel, money, etc). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of improving this siteOnline ActionsDemographic and profile data may also be collected from time to time at our Web site.Generally, this information is collected through “traffic data” and may entail the use of cookies, IP addresses or other numeric codes used to identify a computer. We use this information to improve your experience at our site.* IP Addresses – We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.* Cookies – Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to notify you each time a cookie is received or to refuse all cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our Web sites if you do so. For example, we use cookies to save your password so that (if you choose) you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our Web sites. Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.Classifieds, Orders and other TransactionsOur classified ads service is provided by CampusBlvd.com. Use of the service is governed by CampusBlvd.com’s rules, statements, and policies. CampusBlvd.com’s privacy policy and terms of use are available on our classifieds page.For commerce transactions we request information from the user as a part of the ordering process. During this process a user must provide relevant contact information (such as name and shipping address). This information is used to contact you directly to complete the transaction and to fulfill user requirements. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.Sharing of InformationWe will only disclose personal data about you to the extent described in this Privacy Statement.No personally identifiable information will be shared with our Partners, Advertisers & Sponsors unless you have agreed to allow us to share such information (although you may separately provide them such information). Some of your information may be shared on an aggregate basis only, as a part of a larger set of statistics (for example, that a certain percentage of our members are male), but that information will not be sufficient to permit the recipient to identify you.Other Web Sites and LinksWe sometimes provide links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other Web sites.Additionally, if you make a purchase from a merchant listed on or linked to our service, any information that you give, such as your credit card number and contact information, is provided to those merchants. These merchants have separate privacy and data collection practices, and we assume no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our sites and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by us.If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of our Web sites or your dealings with our Web sites, please contact:ASU Student MediaMatthews CenterBasementPO Box 85287Tempe, AZ85287-1502Email: student.media@asu.eduPhone: (480) 965-7572Fax: (480) 965-8484

