Terms of Service
March 2017
These terms of service (“Terms”) govern the access, browsing and use of the Website by their users (“User” or “Users”, as applicable); the download and use of content owned by Pngtree; as well as the services rendered through the Website (“Service” or “Services”, as applicable).
Accessing and using the Website implies that the User has read and accepts to be bound by these Terms without exception. In case the User does not accept the Terms or have any objection to any part of the present Terms the User must not use the Websit
Pngtree may modify the Terms at any time and thus we recommended that the Terms are reviewed on a regular basis by the User. The date at the beginning of these Terms refers to the latest update of these Terms, which will be applicable from the date of publication.
Some Services provided through the Website may be subject to specific conditions or instructions that must be accepted by the User prior to the provision of the relevant Service. These specific conditions may be imposed by Pngtree . Such specific conditions shall apply in addition to the Terms and in case of conflict shall supersede the Terms. Accordingly the User must read and accept such specific conditions before the provision of the relevant Servic
Likewise, in respect of collection and processing personal data, the Privacy Policy will apply.

                            1. Purpose of Website                        
Through the Website, the User can search visual content, like vectors and illustrations, photos and images, PNG and Photoshop files in any format (“Content”), as well as specific information related to such content.
2. Authorised Use of Website
The User is only authorized to use the Website and the Services in accordance with the Terms and in good faith.

                            The User will not interfere with the functioning of the Website or in the Services, in particular will not impersonate another user or person. The User agrees not to carry out any action that may damage, make unavailable, overload, deteriorate or impede the normal use of the Website or the Services, which may impact the security of the Website or the Services, or which may in any way interfere with the Services offered by Pngtree. It is prohibited to use robots, spiders or any other mechanism, mobile application, program or tool to access, copy or control any part of the Website or the Services in any way which is contrary to the ordinary use of the Website or which infringes Pngtree's interests, without the express prior authorization from Pngtree. Likewise, it is prohibited to obtain or attempt to obtain the contents of the Website using any method or system not expressly authorized by Pngtree or which is not the ordinary method of accessing the Website.                        

                            The User shall be responsible of ensuring prior to using the Services that the features of the Services meet the User’s needs and that has all requirements, equipment and software necessary for this purpose and of any costs required for the use of the Services.                        

                            The rights granted to the User under these Terms are personal and shall not be assigned to any third party (including affiliates or entities part of the same group of companies) totally or partially, by any mean, without the prior, express and written consent from Pngtree.                        

                            3. Registration                        
In order to use certain Services, the User must register, creating a username and password and activating an account. To this end, the User must provide a valid email address where the User will receive notifications related to the Services.

                            The User agrees to provide the mandatory information required for registration and also acknowledges that such information is true, complete and up to date. The User is solely responsible of keeping such information updated. Should the User provide false, outdated or incomplete information, or should Pngtree have reasons to suspect it, Pngtree reserves the right to suspend or cancel the User’s account.                        

                            The User must protect and keep confidential the account password and must not disclose it to third parties. The User must neither allow other Users to access the Services through the User’s account nor use the account of another User to access the Services.                        

                            The User is responsible for all operations carried out through the User’s account through any device. If the User suspects that another user is using his account he/she should immediately inform Pngtree.                        

                            Pngtree may suspend or cancel the account of the User if it considers that the User has breached these Terms.                        

                            4. Copyright Notice                        
Pngtree personal account is limited to personal use, can not be used in multiple devices at the same time, but also limit the frequent use of multiple devices to switch.
Pngtree (pngtree.com) pictures are derived from the original materials, CC0 photos and network users sharing.
Pngtree original materials are artworks created by pngtree contracted designers and was uploaded to pngtree platform by themselves. Users can use the original materials for the commercial purpose if they follow the pngtree terms, but users are not allowed to sublicense the original artworks. If there is real person portrait in the original artwork, the portrait will be shown just as a template, users shall replace the portrait for their using. If the user can reach the portrait person and received the permission of the portrait, the user can use the artwork without replacing the portrait.
“CC0” photo are defined as public sharing property, the creator gave up the ownership of the copyright, so the “CC0” photo can be in commercial use. The user cannot claim the ownership of the photo copyright at any circumstance including already downloaded the photo or redesigned the photo and etc. If there is real person portrait in the photo, the portrait will be shown just as a template, users shall replace the portrait for their using. If the user can reach the portrait person and received the permission of the portrait, the user can use the photo without replacing the portrait.

                            For images uploaded by network users: pngtree does not have sufficient monitoring capabilities to review the picture which are infringement and other circumstances.Pngtree does not have Image copyright.All images are for learning and communication only and are not intended for any commercial use. The user should consciously abide by the copyright law and other relevant laws and regulations, shall not infringe the legal rights of this site and the right holders, To pngtree and any third party losses, infringing users should bear full responsibility.                        

                            Pngtree encourages users to monitor the work on the site, when the copyright owner to file an infringement allegations and produce sufficient copyright documents, pngtree will engage in the investigate, the infringing works will be deleted in a few days after the infringement was confirmed.                        

                            Pngtree gives each account to meet certain conditions in the case, through the official website to download pictures of the qualifications, but as a webmaster, the right to protect the security of the account, while giving a certain download restrictions, and not bear the legal responsibility.                        

                            Without the permission of pngtree, No one can use pngtree to download resources; can not copy or imitate the site or non-pngtree server to establish a mirror, pngtree logo, source code, and all the page layout design, copyright pngtree all The Unauthorized, not used for any site other than pngtree. Pngtree that all users enter the pngtree home page and the page has been carefully read the terms of this agreement and fully agree, please understand!                        

                            If the copyright owner discovers that his work is infringed, any unit and individual who file a complaint with Pngtree should submit a name, telephone, identification, ownership certificate, specific link (URL) and infringement details to the copyright complaint report channel, Pngtree will receive the relevant report file, if the situation is true, will be taken within 48 hours to delete, block, disconnect the link and other measures to remove the allegedly infringing content.                        

                            5. Responsibility                        

                            The User acknowledges and agrees that uses the Website and its Services at the User’s own risk and under the User’s responsibility and therefore Pngtree does not accept any responsibility for misuse or use in breach of these Terms.                        

                            The User will be responsible for any damages to Pngtree resulting from the User’s use of the Website and the Services in breach of the Terms and accepts to indemnify Pngtree from any liability in which they may incur resulting from the User’s breach of these Terms.                        

                            Pngtree does not warrant the availability or continuity of the Website and the Services, neither its reliability, quality, completeness, accuracy or whether they are fit for a specific purpose or activity.                        

                            As way of example and without limitation, Pngtree shall not be liable for any damages that may result from:                        

                            ·Interruptions, viruses, technical problems, interferences, omissions, unavailability, power cuts, failure of the telecommunication networks or the User’s equipment which are not Pngtree’s responsibility.                        

                            ·Delays or unavailability of the Website and the Services due to deficiencies or traffic overload on the Internet, in the communication network or the electricity grid.                        
·Third party actions.
·Unavailability of the Website and the Services due to maintenance or software updates.
·Any other event beyond Pngtree’s direct control.

                            SAVE FOR Pngtree’S WILFUL MISCONDUCT, AND THOSE CASES IN WHICH DUE TO THE SPECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES OF THE USER INVOLVED OR THE NATURE OF THE MATTER, APPLICABLE LAW PROVIDES THAT LIABILITY CANNOT BE LIMITED BY AGREEMENT, USE OF THE WEBSITE AND THE SERVICES IS AT SOLE RISK OF THE USER AND Pngtree SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OF ANY KIND CAUSED TO THE USER AS A RESULT OF USING THE WEBSITE AND THE SERVICES.                        

                            6.Conditions For The Subscription                        

                            The terms in this Section (the “Subscription Terms”) govern any purchase of any Subscription in the Website. When concluding the purchase procedure for any Subscription, it shall be deemed that the User has read and accepted, without exception, the Subscription Terms.                        

                            These Subscription Terms are available to the User before the purchase of the Subscription and may be stored or reproduced on a durable medium.                        

                            In case the User is interested in purchasing any Subscription, it has to follow the instructions available in the Website from time to time.                        

                            The Subscriptions available for the Content in the Pngtree Selection are offered in the Website where the relevant information, price and conditions are included (including, without limitation, restrictions to the number of downloads of Pngtree Content each day). Pngtree can modify at any time the Subscriptions offered, offering with new Services (to which, unless otherwise stated, these Subscription Terms shall apply) or ceasing to offer any of the Services. The Subscriptions are personal, shall not be assigned to third parties and no third parties other than the User shall be allowed to use the Pngtree Content (including as third parties, for these purposes, affiliates or entities part of the same group of companies)                        

                            The price for the Subscription is stated in US Dollars in the Website and includes, if applicable, the relevant Value Added Tax. Pngtree is entitled to modify the price for any Subscription at any time. Pngtree shall apply the price stated in the Website at the time of the submission of the order of the Subscription by the User.                        

                            The User shall pay the Subscription in advance through Paypal or credit card, as stated in the Website. To purchase and pay the Subscription, the User shall follow the instructions stated in the Website. The processing of the payment information and data through Paypal or credit card is made within third parties sites. When ordering any Subscription, the User authorizes Pngtree to collect the corresponding price through the chosen payment method. The Subscription shall not be activated until Pngtree has received the payment or the payment has been authorized by the relevant financing entity. After that, the Subscription shall be in force for the term purchased by the User.                        

                            As the Pngtree Content is digital content, no cancellation right shall apply, without prejudice to the guarantees stated in the consumers’ regulations that may be applicable.                        

                            7. Refunds                        
Once your Premium Membership has been activated，And download the picture less than 3，you will have a 15 day period to order a refund of your payment. You may request your refund contacting us through info@pngtree.com we initiate your refund immediately after you submit your cancelation request. The way your refund is processed depends on your original payment method: If you paid by credit or debit card, refunds will be sent to the card-issuing bank. Please contact the card-issuing bank with questions about when the credit will be posted to your account.                        

                            8. Our Cancellation Policy:                        
As the pngtree Content is digital content, no cancellation right shall apply, without prejudice to the guarantees stated in the consumers’ regulations that may be applicable.                        

                            9. General And Contact Information                        
If any provision in these Terms is declared to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be deemed that it had not been included. The remaining provisions in these Terms shall not be affected in anyway.
If you are having problems or require support, please quick contact: info@pngtree.com
