
SUBJECTS:
English
French
German
ICT
Maths
Physics
SECTIONS:
About Us
Bookshop
Coursework
Downloads
Links
Revision Tips


User Privacy at GCSE.com
GCSE.com does not collect any personal information about anyone using our site - you can use our site for free, accessing all areas anonymously. Our web servers may log the country from which you are viewing our site, as well as other information such as the type of computer and web browser being used, etc.

Guestbook
If you communicate directly, or indirectly, to us via our Guestbook or email addresses, we may respond to you in due course - particularly if you ask us a question. Other than answering questions, we will not use your details for any other purpose. Personal information left in the Guestbook will, however, remain in the Guestbook if your comment is approved.

Advertising
In addition to custom advertising solutions, we use some third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by these companies, click here.

Google
With respect to advertising provided by Google, the following applies:

Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on GCSE.com.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Amazon
GCSE.com is a participant in the Amazon Europe S.à r.l. Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk.





