
Terms of service

"The Website" - www.escort-europe.com

“The Service Provider” 

“You” - the User of the Website

This privacy policy explains the data collection and use practices of The Website.
Anonymous Access
You can visit The Website without disclosing any personally identifiable information about yourself.
Personal Information Collection
The Service Provider endeavours to collect your personal information only with your knowledge and consent. The type of personal information we may collect could include, for example, your name, email address or telephone number, and situations where we may collect personal information could include, and for example, when you register to use specific website services provided by The Service Provider or when contacting The Service Provider contact us. If you choose to provide The Service Provider with personal information it will be used in support of the intended purposes stated at the time at which it was collected and subject to any preferences indicated by you.
Non-Personally Identifying Information
The Service Provider may also collect non-personally identifying information about your visit to The Website, like your IP address and details of your browsing activities within The Website.
How Will The Service Provider Use Your Information?
The Service Provider may use your information for a number of purposes which could include providing website services to you, responding to your enquiries and helping us manage and develop our website.
When Will The Service Provider Disclose Your Information To Others?
The Service Provider will not pass your personal information to any third parties unless you give us express permission to do so or we are required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on The Service Provider; (b) protect and defend The Service Providers rights or property; or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the safety of anyone.
Access To Personal Information The Service Provider May Hold About You
You can ask at any time whether The Service Provider is keeping any personal information about you and The Service Provider will endeavour to respond to you promptly and provide you with a readable copy of any personal information which we are keeping about you.
The Service Provider will also allow you to challenge any personal information that may be held about you and, where appropriate, you may have the information erased or amended. Proof of identity will be required before we can discuss with you any personal information that may be held about you.
Information Security
The Service Provider has implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal information that The Service Provider has under control from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification and unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
Advertising And Interactive Website Services
The Service Provider accept advertisements and interactive areas of The Website like the message boards enable website users to post personal information publicly and communicate with other website users. When your personal information is posted on The Website publicly or you communicate with other users of our websites, other users of our website may collect your personal information.
Links
The Website contains links to third-party websites. If you access these links, you will leave The Website. The Service Provider does not control these other websites and their privacy practices may differ from this version.
Privacy Support
If you have a privacy related enquiry, you can write to The Service Provider at ; 
You acknowledge that by continuing to browse/use this website and providing data to The Service Provider, you consent to the processing of your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
The Service Provider reserves the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and in response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation. 

Last updated: 14th January 2014


