Privacy StatementEffective Date: December 16, 2016 - UPDATEDThis Privacy Statement governs the online information collection practices of Augusta National, Inc. ("ANI"). ANI and any and all entities that control, are controlled by, or are affiliated with ANI are collectively referred to herein as "we," "us" or "our". This Privacy Statement outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using Masters.com (the "Site") and other websites controlled or managed by ANI, our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.This Privacy Statement applies to information we collect: on the Site and in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Site.It does not apply to information that we may collect offline or through other means (for example, at a live event, via telephone, through the mail), including any other website operated by us or any third party; or through any third party (including through any application or content, such as advertising, that may link to or be accessible from the Site).The Site is not directed to children. If you are under 18, you may use the Site only with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian. No one under age 13 may provide any information to the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use.Please read this policy and our Terms of Use carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Statement, including any relevant supplemental privacy statements. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of the Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Statement periodically for updates.1. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY STATEMENTPlease note that we may change this Privacy Statement from time to time by posting an updated version of the Privacy Statement to the Site. It is your obligation to review this Privacy Statement from time to time and to review updates that are posted on the Site. If we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, or share your personal information, we will post the changes on this page. If the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. Please refer to this Privacy Statement regularly. Your use of the Site following any such notice will signify and constitute your assent to and acceptance of the revised Privacy Statement.2. THE INFORMATION WE GATHER AND HOW WE USE ITInformation You Give Us. We may collect and retain any information from you or your devices provided to us when you visit the Site, including when you:register for an account;make a purchase from us;communicate with us, such as to provide feedback, request support, or ask for additional information; andsubscribe to content we offer, such as newsletters, alerts, etc.In order to access some of the services offered by ANI through the Site, you may be required to provide personal information such as name, phone number, tax identification number, birthdate, and address, and contact information for your caddie. You acknowledge that any information you provide through this Site is provided voluntarily, and you represent and warrant that you have all necessary consents for all information about your caddie that you provide.Automatically Collected Information. We may collect information automatically when you visit our Sites, such as:your IP address;the type of browser, devices, and operating systems you use;the pages you visit, including dates and times;if you navigated from or navigate to another website, the address of the website; andinformation regarding your internet service provider.Our Site collects information through a variety of technical methods, including without limitation, cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, including similar technologies as they may evolve over time. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the Web site. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Web sites.You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Site."Personally identifiable information" is identifiable information about an individual person, as more particularly described under applicable privacy laws, such as a name, email address, and age. The personally identifiable information you provide to us when using the Site may be used to provide ANI or Masters products and services to you, to enhance your experience at the Site, and, if applicable, to enhance your experience as a subscriber to ANI's products and services. For example, you may register to create a Masters.com account profile (and you may be required do so to use payment features). You will need to supply your email address, a password, and the other information required for an account. When you register, Site features may allow you to provide additional information. For example, you may purchase, use, or load certain credit card information into the Site or provide preferences related to offers and incentives that we and our affiliates might offer. The information you decide to include may be synchronized between the Site and the App so that you may have access to it from several devices.
3. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUWe and others acting on our behalf may use the information that we collect or receive to operate our business, including our Sites, as described below:Operate and Support our Sites. ANI uses the personally identifiable information you provide to us (i) for our business purposes, such as establishing and managing your customer account, providing products and services you request (such as processing and shipping orders, and sending order and shipping confirmations), processing and collecting payments; (ii) to provide customer support, and to send you important administrative communications regarding the Site and your player registration; (iii) to evaluate and improve our business, including developing new products and services and analyzing the effectiveness of products, services, and the Site; and (iv) to comply with applicable legal requirements, to enforce our policies and terms of service, and to protect you, the Site, and us, against error and fraud.Improving and Evolving our Services. We constantly evaluate and improve our Sites and services, including developing new products or services and use the information we gather to do so. We may perform data analyses, including market and consumer search, trend analysis, demographic analysis, and financial analysis.Other Contacts. We may contact you through telephone, or email for other purposes, as permitted by law.We also may provide aggregated statistical information to advertisers, sponsors, licensees, and other existing or potential ANI vendors for certain purposes, but such statistics contain no personally identifiable information and cannot be used to gather such information.Please note that other parties may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Site.4. WHEN AND HOW WE SHARE INFORMATIONWe only share information about you as described or permitted by this Notice, unless you consent to other sharing. We may share information about you in the following ways:Corporate Affiliates. We may share information with our corporate affiliates for their everyday business purposes, to provide services or to perform marketing. We may also participate in joint ventures with others and we may share information as part of that joint venture.Third Party Service Providers. We may employ independent contractors, vendors, and suppliers (collectively, "Outside Contractors") to provide specific services and products related to ANI and the Site, including, without limitation, hosting and maintaining the Site, and developing applications for the Site. These Outside Contractors may receive access to information collected from you, including your personally identifiable information, in the course of providing products or services to us. Promotional. We may share information with third parties to help us promote our products and services, or to help us customize advertisements, offers, or other communications to you.Business Transfer. We may share information we have collected from you in connection with the sale or merger of our business or the transfer of assets.Protection of Ourselves and Others. We may use and share the information we gather to enforce our rights and protect our property and those of our affiliates, customers and members of the public, to comply with applicable law, legal process, legal advice and for preventing fraud, theft, and injury to you, us or others.5. CONSENT; OPT-OUT – CHOICES YOU HAVE REGARDING YOUR INFORMATIONIn addition to consenting to the Terms of Use, including this Privacy Statement (and any relevant supplemental policies), we want you to know and we request your particular consent to, a few activities relating to personal information that will help us to deal with personal information that is disclosed in furtherance of our operations and programs. These are described immediately below.A. Consent to Share and Disclose Personal Information, Including Data Transfers Internationally. We may share information within the ANI organization, including our subsidiaries and affiliates. We may also share information with companies that provide support services to us (such as credit card processors, mailing houses, web hosts, technical support providers, fulfillment centers, or other services or for enforcing or investigating transactions or business operations). These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose, but we do not control these companies. You agree that ANI and those with whom we share personal information ("Recipients") may disclose and transfer your personal information worldwide (including in and outside the U.S, Canada, the European Union, and other jurisdictions) for any purpose relating to our operations, programs, or otherwise that is not allowed or prohibited by this Privacy Statement. ANI may transfer information that you send to us, including without limitation, personally identifiable information, to countries that do not provide the same level of legal data protection as the country from which you access this Site. By using this Site, you consent to such transfers and to the processing by ANI of such information as described in this Privacy Statement.B. Consent to Electronic Notice If There is a Security Breach. If we or a Recipient is required to provide notice of unauthorized access or other invasion of certain security systems, you agree that we (or they) may do so when required (or voluntarily) by posting notice on our Site or sending notice to any email address we have for you, in our (or their) good faith discretion. You agree that notice to you will count as notice to others for whom you are acting, and agree to pass the notice on to them.C. Opt Out. If you supply ANI with your email address, you may receive periodic electronic mailings from us regarding news, products, services, or upcoming events. If you ever wish to stop receiving such emails, please e-mail us at postmaster@augustanational.com with the phrase "REMOVE ME FROM MAILINGS" in the subject line. Please know that such a decision will not stop advertising or content that is generated prior to the time when we can accomplish the removal of your personally identifiable information. Your browser and your device may provide you the option to limit the use of cookies or other technological tools. You should consult documentation for your browser or device for more information.6. SECURITYANI employs what we believe are commercially reasonable efforts to provide reasonable procedural and technical safeguards for your personally identifiable information and payment information against loss, theft, alteration, and unauthorized access, use and disclosure where we are legally required to protect it, but this is not a promise that your information will never be disclosed except as provided herein. However, the nature of the Internet is such that information may be transmitted over networks without appropriate security measures and may be accessed, deleted, altered, used or disclosed by unauthorized persons. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHER INFORMATION IN ANY FORM. Information can sometimes be intercepted or accessed in violation of law, contract, or policy, and technologies do not always work as anticipated.Because of the international nature of the services and products provided by this Site and the nature of ANI's business, your personally identifiable information may, subject to applicable law, be transferred internationally throughout ANI worldwide for the purposes described above. This may mean that personally identifiable information is transferred to countries which do not have laws or regulations which protect personally identifiable information, such as the United States, where the server for this Site is located.7. QUESTIONS, ACCESS, CONTACT INFORMATION, CHOICE, AND CORRECTIONIf you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Statement, email us at postmaster@augustanational.com with the phrase "MASTERS.COM PRIVACY STATEMENT" in the subject line, call 706-667-6000, or send your questions or concerns in writing to:Augusta National, Inc.
2604 Washington Rd.
Augusta, Georgia 30904
No person (of any age) is required to provide us with the personally identifiable information we request. If you do not wish to provide your personally identifiable information, you are free not to do so. Your provision of requested personally identifiable to us through our Site or other means is presumed by us to be voluntary and with your consent to the uses described herein. You may limit and control the information provided to us in a number of ways. However, you may not be able to use all features of our Sites if you limit the information you share with us.If you request, we will provide you with the opportunity to object to and correct any inaccurate information we maintain about you collected by the Site, subject to verification, as well as to require us to delete your personally identifiable information if you no longer want us to process it. Any such request may be added to your data file and forwarded to data recipients where appropriate or requested by you. You may also request that your data not be shared with any third parties. Such requests may be made by contacting us in accordance with this section.8. UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENTWhen we make material changes to this Notice, we will update this web page and change the Effective Date listed above.9. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83 entitles California users to request information concerning the disclosure of certain personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California users who wish to request further information in compliance with this law may contact us as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section above.As of the Effective Date listed above, there is no commonly accepted response for Do Not Track signals initiated by browsers. Therefore, we do not respond to such signals or to other mechanisms that provide the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information regarding your online activities over time and across third party websites or online services10. SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY STATEMENT-MOBILE APPSThis Supplemental Privacy Statement — Mobile Apps ("App Statement") supplements the Augusta National, Inc. Privacy Statement ("Privacy Statement"). This App Statement (as well as the main Privacy Statement) applies if you download or use The Official Masters Tournament App or any mobile application that we offer (alone or with others) (each, an "App") from time to time for download, such as on the Site, or through a third party platform (such as the Apple iTunes store or Google Play, etc.). Additionally, wherever the Privacy Statement uses the term "Site," that term is defined in the Privacy Statement to include all Apps.This App Statement is part of our Privacy Statement, which is part of our Terms of Use. Terms used but not defined in this App Statement are defined in those documents. DOWNLOADING OR USING AN APP, CREATING AN ACCOUNT PROFILE, OR AFFIRMATIVELY SUBMITTING ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH AN APP WILL BE YOUR CONSENT TO OUR TERMS OF USE, INCLUDING OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT (WHICH INCLUDES THIS APP STATEMENT), ALL AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME.A. Information Automatically Collected by Apps. When you download or use an App, personal information about you or the device that you use in connection with the App may automatically be collected by us or by third parties. This may include, for example, information about your download or use of the App, unique device identifiers associated with the device(s) you use to download or use the App, or information associated with equipment or systems used in connection with your device (e.g., an identifier of a Wi-Fi router or Internet access point). Third parties may also obtain information, such as your mobile device manufacturer or carrier, mobile or data network systems or operators, other providers of other apps or code on your device, and anyone who has administrative privileges to devices you use. In general, we do not control what information those kinds of third parties may receive and do not take any steps affirmatively to provide them with more information than they would obtain from other apps you might choose to download.You may also be reminded by the app "store" (e.g., a third party platform you might use to obtain the App, such as Apple iTunes store or Google Play, etc.) that certain information might be sought by us or others, or that certain privacy policies will apply to an App. You agree that we may rely upon any consents or agreements you provide to such stores or device manufacturers (e.g., if you tell them that it’s okay that an App collect "location" or other personal information, we may rely on your consent as if you had given it directly to us).B. Additional Information Collected in Apps. In addition to the types of personal information that we collect on the Site generally, additional information may be collected in an App. For example, App features may allow you to provide additional information such as location preferences. The information you decide to include may be synchronized between the Site and the App so that you may have access to it from several devices.C. Updates to, and Deletion of, Information. You may update some information (not all of which will necessarily be personal information) provided to an App by using any functionality in the App for that. You can remove Apps by deleting or uninstalling them from all of devices they are on. Properly removing the App will stop your device from providing further information to us or others, but will not affect information already collected or Disclosed, including information that resides somewhere else. For example, our App may synchronize with your account profile on the Site (and vice versa) and the Site information for such account profiles is held by us. To eliminate that information, you will need to edit your account profile information on the Site as described in Section 7 (Questions, Access, Contact Information, Choice, and Correction). Additionally, because of the way we maintain account profiles, residual copies of account profile, App, and other associated information may remain on our backup systems. Also, App or information removal (full or partial) will not have any effect on information already disclosed or relied upon by us or others.D. How We Use Information Collected in Apps. In addition to the uses of personal information allowed in the Privacy Statement, we make these kinds of uses of personal information collected in an App. We disclose it:to the rest of our Site and as provided with respect to the rest of the Site, and we combine it with information that we collect on, through or in connection with the Site;for marketing purposes and to help us improve products and services, including to send you emails and other communications if you’ve created an account profile on the Site; andto our affiliates and other third parties or persons who assist with the operation of an App, the rest of the Site, or app stores.E. Consent to Share and Disclose Personal Information. In addition to consenting to the Terms of Use and Privacy Statement, you agree that by using an App or providing personal information in the App, you are consenting to the collection, retention, use, and disclosure of your information in accordance with the terms of this App Statement and the Privacy Statement. You also agree that you are consenting to disclosure of your information to third parties as stated in this App Statement (e.g., see the How We Use Information Collected in Apps section above).F. Security. The "Security" section of our Privacy Statement and the "Registration Information and Security" section of our Terms of Use provides information about our general security. Apps use mobile phones and other devices, and any security of data that resides on the device will only be as secure as the device itself. Please be advised, however, that the transmission of information over wireless and wired networks is not inherently secure and, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security measures, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. As a result, your information may be subject to interception or loss which is beyond our control.