You can contact us and ask to view your information. For more detailed information, you may need to fill out a request form. If your information isn’t correct or needs updating, let us know straight away.
 
Can you see what information we have?
You can ask us for a copy of your information, like your transaction history, by visiting a store, going online or calling us. To get a copy of current credit information we have about you, you can visit a store or call us.
 
For more detailed information, like what we’ve included in your loan file, please contact our Customer Relations team using the details in Section 10.
 
Is there a fee?
We may charge an access fee to cover the time we spend finding and putting together the information you want. If there is a fee, we’ll let you know how much it is likely to be, so you can choose if you want to go ahead. Generally, the fee is an hourly rate plus photocopying costs and other expenses. You’ll need to pay us before we start, or give us permission to take it out of your account.

 
How long will it take?
We try to make your information available within 30 days after you ask us for it. Before we give you the information, we’ll need to confirm your identity.

 
Can we refuse to give you access?
In some cases, we can refuse access or only give you access to certain information. For example, we might not let you see information that is commercially sensitive. If we do this, we’ll write to you explaining our decision.

 
Updating your information
It’s important that we have your correct details, such as your current home and email addresses and phone number. You can check or update your information at any store, or by going online or calling us (see Section 10).

 
Can you correct or update your information?
You can ask us to correct or update any information we have (including credit information). See Section 10 for ways to contact. If we’ve given the information to another party, you can ask us to let them know it’s incorrect. We won’t charge a fee for this.

 
If the incorrect information was given to us by a credit reporting body, we may need to check with them or the relevant credit provider before we can change it. We’ll try to do this within 30 days. If we can’t, we’ll let you know why it’s taking longer and agree on a new timeframe with you. We’ll also tell you when we’ve corrected the information.
 
What if we believe the information is correct?
If we don’t think the information needs correcting, we’ll write to let you know why. You can ask us to include a statement with the information that says you believe it’s inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or out of date.
