The right to be informed how personal information is processed
You have the right to be informed how your personal information is being collected and used. If we require your consent to process your information you can withdraw consent at any time. If you withdraw consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. The right to withdraw only applies when the lawful basis of processing is consent.

 The right of access to personal information
If you are an EU resident and have an enquiry relating to your rights under the GDPR, complete our online feedback form.

The right to rectification
You have the right to question any information we have about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. If you do, we will take reasonable steps to check the accuracy and correct it.

The right to erasure
You have the right to ask us to delete your personal information if there is no need for us to keep it. The right to erasure is also known as the right to be forgotten. You can make the request verbally or in writing. There may be legal or other reasons why we need to keep your data and if so we will tell you what these are.

The right to restrict processing
You have the right to ask us to restrict our use of your personal information in some circumstances. We may be able to restrict the use of your data. In this situation we would not use or share your information while it is restricted. This is not an absolute right and only applies in certain circumstances.

The right to data portability
In some circumstances you have the right to request we provide you with a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a format that can be easily reused.

The right to object
In some circumstances you have the right to object to us processing your personal information. In this case we can continue to hold your data but cannot use it.

Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
You have rights over automated decisions. You can ask that we do not make our decision based on the automated decisioning alone. You can object to an automated decision and ask that a person reviews it.

The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
You have the right to complain to the regulator if you are not happy with the outcome of a complaint.  See the ‘Regulator Contact Details’ section for more information. The individual regulator websites will tell you how to report a concern.

Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.

You may decline to share certain personal information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Service.
