Types of cookies
Strictly necessary cookies - These cookies enable you to navigate our site and gain full access to its features and secure areas. Without these cookies essential services you have asked for like ‘Your Basket' cannot be provided.
Performance cookies - These cookies remember information about how you and other customers use our website. This gives us vital information such as which pages are visited most often and if customers are receiving error messages from certain pages. The role of these cookies is to allow us to analyse and improve the performance of our website ensuring you receive a consistent look, feel and shopping experience. Performance cookies (often known as web analytic cookies) don't collect any information that identifies the customer and all information collected is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Functionality cookies - These cookies remember choices you made on previous visits to our site such as your username, language or region so we can provide enhanced, more personal features. They can also be used to remember changes you've made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages you can customise. Functionality cookies can also be used to provide services you have previously asked for such as watching videos or commenting on a blog. The information collected by these cookies may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other sites.
Targeting or advertising cookies - These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to your personal interests. Alongside this they limit the amount of times you see an advert and measure the effectiveness of adverts. This means you won't keep seeing irrelevant adverts or the same adverts over and over. These cookies are usually placed by trusted third parties (such as advertising networks) who we have a relationship with. They remember that you have visited a website and what pages you have viewed and the information within the cookie is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. These third parties may combine data which we share with data from other sources such as other websites or mobile applications. This combined data may then be used to ensure that we can better target you with products and services that are relevant to you. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisations that generate the advert. In line with Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB) guidelines, all our adverts carry the clearly displayed AdChoices  icon. Clicking the AdChoices icon will give you access to information about privacy and behavioural advertising and allow you to quickly opt out of receiving further adverts. For more information visit www.youradchoices.com or to learn more about the IAB’s Online Behavioural Advertising Framework click here. Please note that by opting out of receiving adverts from one browser, device or app will not necessarily opt you out of all such adverts from all browsers, devices or apps.
