
1.Collecting Personal Information: If you wish to transact on and use the Site, Bitfinex will collect information about you, including Personal Information. The Personal Information most often collected and maintained in a customer file includes, but is not limited to, name, address for service, government identification, and banking information.Personal Information is collected in order to:

1.1.establish and maintain a responsible commercial relationship with you;
1.2.understand your needs and your eligibility for products and services;
1.3.inform you about trading and financing features;
1.4.provide information to you about developments and new products, including changes and enhancements to the Site;
1.5.develop, enhance, and market products and services, and provide products and services to you;
1.6.process billing and collection of any fees;
1.7.conduct surveys and get feedback from you;
1.8.deliver products and services to you;
1.9.provide you with news and other matters of general interest to you as a Bitfinex customer; and,
1.10.to meet Bitfinex’s legal and regulatory requirements.

The Site may use a browser feature called a “cookie” to collect information anonymously and track user patterns on Bitfinex. A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that identifies a customer’s browser, but not the customer personally, each time that customer visits a websites using cookies. Cookies tell Bitfinex which pages of the Site are visited and how many people visited each one. This helps enhance visitors’ online experience. Cookies also serve to identify your computer so that your preferences can be saved for future visits, and Bitfinex may work with third parties that use these cookies to help us.
The use of cookies is an industry standard and many major browsers are initially set up to accept them. You can reset your browser to either refuse to accept all cookies or to notify you when you have received a cookie. However, if you refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to use some of the features available on the Site.

