

    	    		Privacy Policy & Terms of Use    	    	
Terms of Use
Absolutely no rights of distribution by sale or other transfer of ownership or by rental, lease or lending, preparation of derivative works, or reproduction, in whole or in part, is granted.
No text, graphics or photos may be downloaded and used on another Internet site, without express permission of BCI. For information on obtaining photo usage and rights, please see our contact page. BCI reserves the rights to actively protect against infringement.
Privacy Policy
Bat Conservation International is a registered 501 (c) nonprofit organization [referred to herein as BCI]. BCI is committed to conserving bats and their habitats worldwide. What follows is BCI's online privacy policy, which governs personal information gathered on our Internet sites.
BCI's Commitment to Online Security
Physical, electronic and managerial procedures have been employed to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information. BCI encrypts billing information wherever BCI requests it. All BCI agents and contractors with access to personal information obtained on the BCI websites are also bound to adhere to this policy as part of their contract with BCI.
Personal Information that BCI May Collect Online and Offline
BCI collects personal information, including names, postal and email addresses, phone and facsimile numbers, and billing information. This information is solely for internal use.
How BCI Uses Personal Information Collected Online and Offline
We will use your personal information only for the purpose for which it is submitted, such as to reply to your emails, handle inquiries, and process billing and business requests related to shopping cart purchases, donations and membership contributions. We will use such information to provide operational notices, in program record-keeping and to conduct research on industry marketplace practices. Our research may lead to the internal publication of aggregate demographical data but will not result in the reporting or publication of any personal information provided to us. At certain points where personal information is collected on our site, there may be a box where you may indicate you would like to be on a mailing list to receive information about other BCI programs and services and about ways to support BCI. This election box only appears in places where the department collecting personal information maintains such lists. At any time you can add or remove your name from a BCI list by contacting us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 , or choosing the opt-out option within BCI emails and newsletters,.
We never sell or rent your personal information. From time to time, BCI exchanges mailing lists with other like-minded conservation groups to make more people aware of the importance of bats.  If you wish to opt-out of these exchanges, please let us know at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 . BCI may also release personal information where release is required by law (for example, a subpoena) or regulation or is requested by a government agency.
Help Us Keep Your Personal Information Accurate
If your personal information changes or you would like to review the personal information we may have on file, please email us with the new information or your review request at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 . Let us also know what led to your submission of personal information so we may efficiently locate your information.
Computer Tracking and Cookies
Our websites are not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information not entered by visitors. Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site-usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our sites. This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services to the public and may also be provided to others, but the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. BCI uses non-identifying cookies to provide easier site navigation and access to forms. Our cookies do not generate personal data, do not read personal data from your machine and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you.
Problems or Complaints with our Privacy Policy
If you have a complaint about BCI compliance with this privacy policy, you may contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 

