

	 

Responsible for data processing:

	FC-Moto GmbH & Co. KG

	Aachener Str. 21 - 23

	52146 Würselen

	Telephone: +49 (0) 2405 4950050

	E-mail: kontakt@fc-moto.de

	 

Contact details of our data protection officer:

	FC-Moto GmbH & Co. KG

	- Data Protection Officer -

	Mrs. Bianca Mertens

	Aachener Str. 21 - 23

	52146 Würselen

	E-Mail: bl@fc-moto.de

	Supervisory Authority:

	Country Representative for Data Protection and Freedom of Information North Rhine-Westphalia

	Mrs. Helga Block

	Kavalleriestr. 2-4

	40213 Düsseldorf

	Telephone: +49 (0)211 / 38424-0

	Fax: +49 (0)211 / 38424-10

	E-Mail: poststelle@ldi.nrw.de

	Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your place of residence, employment or the place of the alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you violates against the DSGVO.

	 

	The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted shall inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Article 78 of the GDPR.

	I General

	Your personal data (for example, title, name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, bank details, credit card number) will only be processed by us in accordance with the provisions of German data protection law and the data protection law of the European Union (EU). The following regulations inform you about the nature, scope and purpose of the collection, processing and use of personal data. This Privacy Policy applies only to our websites. If you are forwarded to other pages via links on our pages, please inform yourself there about the respective handling of your data.

	II Data processing for contract fulfillment

	Your personal information that you provide to us in the ordering process is required to sign a contract with us. You are not required to provide your personal information. However, we cannot send you the goods without your address. For some payment methods, we require the necessary payment data in order to pass it on to a payment service provider commissioned by us. The processing of your data entered in the ordering process is therefore for the purpose of the contract.

	If you send us an inquiry by e-mail, via a contact form, etc., before the conclusion of the contract, we process the data received in this way to carry out pre-contractual measures and answer, e.g. Your questions about our products. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR.

	The recipient of the data collected may be: payment service provider, shipping service provider, hosting provider, merchandise management system, supplier if applicable (dropshipping).

	We store the data required for the execution of the contract until the expiry of the statutory warranty and, if applicable, contractual guarantee periods. We retain the data required under commercial and tax law for the periods specified by law, usually ten years (see § 257 HGB, § 147 AO).

	The data processed for the implementation of pre-contractual measures will be deleted as soon as the measures have been carried out and no obvious conclusion is reached.

	You can either place orders as a guest through our website without registering or register in our shop as a customer for future orders. Registration has the advantage for you that you can log in to our shop in the event of a future order directly with your e-mail address and your password without having to enter your contact information again.

	Your personal data will be entered in an input mask and transmitted to us and stored. If you place an order via our website, we will collect the following data in the case of a guest order as well as in the case of a registration in the shop: salutation, first name, last name, a valid e-mail address, address, telephone number (landline and/or mobile).

	The collection of this data is done to identify you as our customer; to process, fulfill and handle your order; for correspondence with you; for invoicing; for the settlement of possible liability claims, as well as the assertion of any claims against you; to ensure the technical administration of our website; your order and for the mutual fulfillment of obligations under the purchase agreement.

The personal data collected by us for the processing of your order will be stored until the expiration of the statutory retention obligation and then deleted, unless,after Article 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c DSGVO we are obliged to store for a longer period of time due to tax and commercial requirements for storage and documentation (HGB, StGB or AO) or you are obliged to make further storage in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO have consented.

	RIGHT TO OBJECT

	You have the right to object to the processing of data on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR and not to direct mail for reasons that arise from your particular situation at any time.

	In the case of direct mail, however, you can object to the processing at any time without stating reasons.

	III Information about cookies

General

On this website technically necessary cookies are used. These are small text files that are stored in or from your Internet browser on your computer system. These cookies allow e.g. inserting multiple products into a shopping cart.

The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

Our legitimate interest is the functionality of our website. The user data collected through technically necessary cookies will not be used to create user profiles. This will protect your interest in privacy.

The technically necessary cookies are usually deleted when the browser is closed. Permanently stored cookies have a different lifespan of a few minutes to several years.

RIGHT TO OBJECT

If you do not want to save these cookies, please deactivate the acceptance of these cookies in your internet browser. However, this can result in a functional restriction of our website. Permanently stored cookies can also be deleted at any time via your browser.

	 

III Use of cookies

	a) Description and scope of data processing

	Our website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in the Internet browser or the Internet browser on the user's computer system. When a user visits a website, a cookie may be stored on the user's operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic string that allows the browser to be uniquely identified when the website is reopened.

	We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website require that the calling browser be identified even after a page break.

	The following data is stored and transmitted in the cookies:

	IP address, date and time of your request, language settings, items in a shopping cart, log-in information.

	In addition, we use cookies on our website that allow an analysis of users' browsing behavior. In this way, the following data can be transmitted: Entered search terms, frequency of page views, use of website functions. The data of the users collected in this way are pseudonymized by technical precautions. Therefore, an assignment of the data to the calling user is no longer possible. The data will not be stored together with other personal data of the users.

	We also use third-party cookies. Third party cookies store data such as length of stay on our site, page views and movement of the user via links. A prevention possibility to store these cookies can be found in the settings of your browser.

	When you visit our website, users will be informed by an info banner about the use of cookies and referred to this privacy policy.

	b) Legal basis for data processing

	The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Article 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO.

	The legal basis for the processing of personal data using technically necessary cookies is Article 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO.

	The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies for analysis purposes is the consent of the user Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.

	The legal basis for the use of third party cookies is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.

	c) Purpose of the data processing

	 

	The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to facilitate the use of websites for users. Some features of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For these, it is necessary that the browser is recognized even after a page break.

	The user data collected through technically necessary cookies will not be used to create user profiles.

	The use of the analysis cookies is for the purpose of improving the quality of our website and its contents. Through the analysis cookies, we learn how the website is used and so we can constantly optimize our offer.

	For these purposes, our legitimate interest in the processing of personal data pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.

	With the help of the third party cookies, we improve our offer and make it more user-friendly and targeted advertising.

	e) Duration of storage, objection and disposal options

	Cookies are stored on the computer of the user and transmitted by this on our side. Therefore, as a user, you have full control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings in your internet browser, you can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies. Already saved cookies can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are disabled for our website, it may not be possible to use all the functions of the website to the full.

	The transmission of Flash cookies cannot be prevented by the settings of the browser, but by changing the settings of your Flash Player.

	 

Web analytics with Google Analytics

	This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, in the event of activation of IP anonymization on this website, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address will be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator.

	The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

	Our legitimate interest is the statistical analysis of user behavior for optimization and marketing purposes. To protect your interest in privacy, this website uses Google Analytics with the extension "anonymizeIP ()", so that the processed  IP addresses are only shortened, in order to exclude a direct reference to persons.

The recipient of the data is Google and partner companies.

	There is data transfer to a third country. US-based Google LLC is certified under the US Privacy Shield, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection in the EU.

	The storage duration is basically unlimited.

	RIGHT TO OBJECT

	You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible. In addition, you may prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: optout

	You can also prevent the entry by setting an opt-out cookie. If you wish to prevent the future collection of your data when visiting this website, please click here: Deactivate Google Analytics

	 

	IV. Further information

	Valuation reminder by Trustpilot

	We will send your e-mail address to Trustpilot Trustpilot A / S, Pilestræde 58, 1112 Copenhagen K, Denmark (www.trustpilot.com) for sending you a feedback reminder by e-mail. You can object at any time by a message to us or to the rating platform.

	The invitation to evaluate our performance for the continuous improvement of our services is based on the legal basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

	Contact / Request Form

	For questions of any kind, we offer you the opportunity to contact us via a form provided on our website. It is necessary to provide a valid e-mail address so that we know who the request came from and to answer it. Further information can be provided voluntarily. It is up to you to decide whether you want to enter this information in the contact form.

	The data processing for the purpose of contacting us is in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO based on your voluntarily granted consent.

	The personal data collected by us for the use of the contact form will be automatically deleted after completion of the request made by you, unless the storage is necessary for further processing of the request or there is a legitimate interest in the storage.

	RIGHT TO OBJECT

	You have the right to object to the processing of data on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR and not to direct mail for reasons that arise from your particular situation at any time.

In the case of direct mail, however, you can object to the processing at any time without stating reasons.

	 

	Comments

	It is possible to write a comment. Your data (e.g. name / pseudonym, e-mail address, website) will then be processed solely for the purpose of publishing your comment.

	The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

	Our legitimate interest is the public exchange of user opinions on specific topics and products. The publication serves i.e. transparency and opinion. Your interest in data protection is maintained, as you can publish your comment under a pseudonym.

	A certain storage period is not provided. You can request the deletion of your comment at any time.

	RIGHT TO OBJECT

	You have the right to object to the processing of data on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR and not to direct mail for reasons that arise from your particular situation at any time.

	In the case of direct mail, however, you can object to the processing at any time without stating reasons.

	 

	Newsletter

	When subscribing to the newsletter, your e-mail address will be used for advertising purposes, i.e. in the context of the newsletter we inform you in particular about products from our assortment. For statistical purposes we can evaluate which links are clicked in the newsletter. It is not clear for us which specific person has clicked. You have specifically given the following consent separately or in the course of the ordering process: I would like to receive the regular FC-Moto Newsletter.

	The deregistration is possible at any time. Further information can be found in the privacy policy.

	The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR.

	Your e-mail address will only be saved for newsletter delivery for the duration of the requested registration.

	REVOCATION

	You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future. If you no longer wish to receive the newsletter, you can unsubscribe as follows: via a unsubscribe link in the newsletter; by e-mail to: media@fc-moto.de.

	RIGHT TO OBJECT

	You have the right to object to the processing of data on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR and not to direct mail for reasons that arise from your particular situation at any time.

In the case of direct mail, however, you can object to the processing at any time without stating reasons.

	 

	Use of our forum

	(1) Our forum can be read without logging in. If you would like to actively participate in the forum, you must register yourself by entering your e-mail address, a password of your own choice and your own user name. There is no common name compulsion, a pseudonymous use is possible. We use the so-called double-opt-in procedure for registration. H. Your registration is only completed if you have previously confirmed your registration via a confirmation email sent to you for this purpose by clicking on the link contained therein. If your confirmation is not received within 24 hours, your registration will be automatically deleted from our database.

	(2) When you sign up for a forum account, we will, in addition to your login details, save all the information you post in the forum, such as public posts, bulletin board entries, friendships, private messages, etc., until you log out, to run the forum. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DS-GMO.

	(3) If you delete your account, your public statements, in particular contributions to the forum, remain visible to all readers, but your account is no longer available and marked in the forum with "[guest]". All other data will be deleted. If you wish your public contributions to be deleted as well, please contact the person responsible under the above contact details.

	RIGHT TO OBJECT

	You have the right to object to the processing of data on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR and not to direct mail for reasons that arise from your particular situation at any time.

	In the case of direct mail, however, you can object to the processing at any time without stating reasons.

	 

	V. Transfer of data to third parties

Pay Pal

	A transfer of your personal data from us to third parties will be made exclusively to the service partners involved in the execution of the contract, such as the logistics company commissioned with the delivery and the credit institution responsible for payment matters. However, in the case of the disclosure of your personal data to third parties, the scope of the data transmitted is limited to the minimum required.

For payments via PayPal, credit card via PayPal, direct debit via PayPal or "purchase on account" via PayPal, we will transfer your payment data to Paypal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg (hereinafter referred to as "PayPal"). PayPal reserves the right to carry out a credit check for payment via credit card via PayPal, direct debit via PayPal or "purchase on account" via PayPal. The result of the credit check with respect to the statistical probability of default is used by PayPal for the purpose of deciding on the provision of the respective payment method. The credit information can contain probability values ​​(so-called score values). Insofar as score values ​​are included in the results of the credit rating, they are based on a scientifically recognized mathematical-statistical procedure. The calculation of score values ​​includes, among other things, address data. Further data protection information can be found in the PayPal Privacy Policy:

https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.

A transfer of your personal data to third parties for purposes other than those mentioned above does not take place.

We will only share your personal information with third parties if:

You your according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO have given express consent to this

the disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO is required to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have a predominantly legitimate interest in not disclosing your data,

in the event that disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c DSGVO is a legal obligation, as well

this is legally permissible and according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO is required for the settlement of contractual relationships with you.

As part of the ordering process, we will obtain your consent to share your information with third parties.

	 

Mastercard / VISA / Diners Club

For payment via credit card we use Mastercard www.mastercard.de, VISA www.visa.de and Diners Club (www.dinersclub.de), hereinafter referred to as credit card companies. The processing takes place in each case for fulfillment of the contract on the basis of Article 6 paragraph 1 lit. b. DSGVO. The data processed here include name, address, bank details, credit card numbers, passwords, as well as the contract, totals and recipient-related information. The specification of this data is required to complete the transactions. However, the data will only be processed and stored by the credit card company. We do not receive any personal information, but only feedback about the confirmation or rejection of the payment. It is possible that the credit card company will transmit the data to credit reporting agencies for identity and credit checks. For this we refer to the general terms and conditions and privacy policy of credit card companies. The general terms and conditions and the privacy policy of the credit card companies apply, these can be found on the website Mastercard (www.mastercard.de/de-de/datenschutz.html), Diners Club (www.dinersclub.de) and VISA (www.VISA. de / privacy /).

	Affiliate programs

1. This website uses the affiliate program of AWIN AG, Eichhornstraße 3, 10785 Berlin in the form of text links, image links, advertising banners or input masks. AWIN uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website. AWIN also uses so-called web beacons. These are invisible graphics for collecting information. These web beacons can be used to evaluate visitor traffic on these pages. The information generated by cookies and / or web beacons on the use of this website and delivery of advertising formats are transmitted to an AWIN server and stored there. AWIN will provide this information, among other things. use to evaluate your use of the website in terms of ads, compiling reports on website activity and advertisements for website operators. Awin can handle the compensation (i.e., commission payments) through this evaluation and allocation.

The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

Our legitimate interest is direct mail. Your interest in data protection will be safeguarded, as the cookies used do not store any data that allow a concrete reference to a person.

RIGHT TO OBJECT

If you do not want to save these cookies, please deactivate the acceptance of these cookies in your internet browser. You can delete the cookies on your hard drive at any time.

2. This website uses the affiliate program of ad pepper media GmbH, Frankenstrasse 150C, FrankenCampus, 90461 Nürnberg, Germany in the form of text links, image links, advertising banners or input masks. ad pepper media GmbH uses so-called "cookies" .... The processing purpose, the legal basis, possibly the legitimate interest, recipient categories, retention periods, right of objection must be entered

ad pepper media GmbH uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website. ad pepper media GmbH also uses so-called web beacons. These are invisible graphics for collecting information. These web beacons can be used to evaluate visitor traffic on these pages. The information generated by cookies and / or web beacons on the use of this website and the delivery of advertising formats are transmitted to a server of ad pepper media GmbH and stored there. ad pepper media GmbH will provide this information i.a. use to evaluate your use of the website in terms of ads, compiling reports on website activity and advertisements for website operators. ad pepper media GmbH can use this evaluation and allocation to process the remuneration (ie the commission payments).

The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

Our legitimate interest is direct mail. Your interest in data protection will be safeguarded, as the cookies used do not store any data that allow a concrete reference to a person.

RIGHT TO OBJECT

If you do not want to save these cookies, please deactivate the acceptance of these cookies in your internet browser. You can delete the cookies on your hard drive at any time.

3. On our website Criteo GmbH collects and stores information about the surfing behavior of the website users for marketing purposes in anonymous form. Cookies are used for this purpose. Using an algorithm, Criteo analyzes the surfing behavior and can thereby specifically display personalized advertising on other websites (so-called publishers). In no case can the collected data be used to personally identify the user of this website. The data collected will only be used to improve the offer. Any other use or disclosure to third parties does not occur.

RIGHT TO OBJECT

You can object to the anonymous analysis of your surfing behavior on this page by clicking on this link https://www.criteo.com/privacy/. If you have opted out (opt-out cookie) and you want to get back personalized Criteo banners, please click here https://www.criteo.com/privacy/.

	For more information on Criteo's technology, see the Criteo Privacy Policy https://www.criteo.com/privacy/.

The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR.

Our legitimate interest is direct mail. Your interest in data protection will be safeguarded, as the cookies used do not store any data that allow a concrete reference to a person.

RIGHT TO OBJECT

If you do not want to save these cookies, please deactivate the acceptance of these cookies in your internet browser. You can delete the cookies on your hard drive at any time.

	4. We use the offer of Google Adwords to draw attention to our attractive offers with the help of advertising materials (so-called Google Adwords) on external websites. In relation to the data of the advertising campaigns, we can determine how successful the individual advertising measures are. We are interested in showing you advertisements that are of interest to you, to make our website more interesting to you and to achieve a fair calculation of advertising costs.

(2) These advertising materials are supplied by Google via so-called "ad servers". To do this, we use ad server cookies, which measure certain performance metrics such as ads or user clicks. If you access our website through a Google ad, Google Adwords will store a cookie on your PC. These cookies usually lose their validity after 30 days and are not intended to identify you personally. This cookie will typically use the unique cookie ID, number of ad impressions per placement (Frequency), last impression (relevant to post-view conversions), and opt-out information (mark that the user does not) as analysis values more would like to be addressed) saved.

(3) These cookies allow Google to recognize your Internet browser. If a user visits certain pages of an Adwords customer's website and the cookie stored on their computer has not expired, Google and the customer will be able to detect that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to that page. Each Adwords customer is assigned a different cookie. Cookies can not be tracked via the websites of Adwords customers. We ourselves do not collect and process any personal data in the aforementioned advertising measures. We receive only statistical evaluations provided by Google. On the basis of these evaluations, we can identify which of the advertising measures used are particularly effective. We do not receive any further data from the use of the advertising material, in particular we can not identify the users on the basis of this information.

(4) Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Google server. We have no control over the extent and the further use of the data, which are raised by the employment of this tool by Google and inform you therefore according to our knowledge level: By the incorporation of AdWords conversion Google receives the information that you the appropriate part of our Internet appearance or click on an ad from us. If you are registered with a service provided by Google, Google may associate the visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, there is a chance that the provider will find and store your IP address.

CONTRADICTION / PREVENTION OF TRACKING

(5) You can prevent participation in this tracking process in several ways: a) by adjusting your browser software accordingly, in particular, the suppression of third-party cookies will prevent you from receiving any third party advertisements; b) By disabling the cookies for conversion tracking, by setting your browser to block cookies from the domain www.googleadservices.com, https://www.google.com/settings/ads, whereby this setting will be deleted if you delete your cookies; c) by deactivating the interest-based advertisements of the providers that are part of the "About Ads" self-regulation campaign via the link http://www.aboutads.info/choices, this setting being deleted when you delete your cookies; d) by permanent deactivation in your browsers Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome under the link http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. We point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the features of this offer in full.

(6) The legal basis for the processing of your data is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DS-GMO. For more information about privacy at Google, see http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy and https://services.google.com/sitestats.html. Alternatively, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) web site at http://www.networkadvertising.org. Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US Framework.

RIGHT TO OBJECT

If you do not want to save these cookies, please deactivate the acceptance of these cookies in your internet browser. You can delete the cookies on your hard drive at any time.

	5. Inclusion of YouTube videos on our website.

	 

	(1) We have included YouTube videos in our online offering, which are stored on http://www.YouTube.com and are directly playable from our website. [These are all included in the "extended privacy mode", d. H. that you do not transfer data about you as a user to YouTube if you are not playing the videos. Only when you play the videos, the data mentioned in paragraph 2 will be transmitted. We have no influence on this data transfer.]

(2) By visiting the website, YouTube receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, the data mentioned under § 3 of this declaration will be transmitted. This happens regardless of whether YouTube provides a user account that you are logged in to, or if there is no user account. When you're logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not wish to associate with your profile on YouTube, you must log out before activating the button. YouTube stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for purposes of advertising, market research and / or custom design of its website. Such an evaluation is done in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide appropriate advertising and to inform other users of the social network about their activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of these User Profiles, and you must be directed to YouTube to use them.

(3) Further information on the purpose and extent of the data collection and its processing by YouTube can be found in the Privacy Policy. You'll also get more information about your rights and privacy settings here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal information in the US and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US Framework.

	 

	VII Rights of the data subject

If you process personal data, you are i.S.d. DSGVO and you have the following rights to us:

1. Right to information

You may request confirmation from us as to whether personal information concerning you is processed by us.

If such processing is available, you can request information from us via the following information:

(1) the purposes for which the personal data are processed;

(2) the categories of personal data being processed;

(3) the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data relating to you have been disclosed or are still being disclosed;

(4) the planned duration of the storage of your personal data or, if specific information is not available, criteria for determining the duration of storage;

(5) the existence of a right to rectification or deletion of personal data concerning you, a right to restriction of our processing or a right to object to such processing;

(6) the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;

(7) all available information on the source of the data if the personal data is not collected from the data subject;

(8) the existence of automated decision-making including profiling under Article 22 (1) and (4) GDPR and, at least in these cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, and the scope and intended impact of such processing on the data subject.

You have the right to request information about whether your personal information relates to a third country or an international organization. In this connection, you can request the appropriate guarantees in accordance with. Art. 46 GDPR in connection with the transfer.

	 

2. Right to rectification

You have a right to rectification and / or completion to us if the personal data you process is incorrect or incomplete. We have to make the correction immediately.

	3. Right to restriction of processing

You may request the restriction of the processing of your personal data under the following conditions:

(1) if you contest the accuracy of your personal information for a period of time that enables us to verify the accuracy of your personal information;

(2) if the processing is unlawful and you refuse to delete the personal data and instead request the restriction of the use of the personal data;

(3) if we no longer need personal information for the purposes of processing, but you need it for the purposes of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims; or

(4) if you have filed an objection against the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) GDPR and it is not yet certain whether the legitimate reasons to which we are entitled outweigh your reasons.

If the processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, this data may only be used with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest Union or a Member State.

If the restriction on processing has been restricted in accordance with the above conditions, you will be informed by us before the restriction is lifted.

	 

4. Right to cancellation

a) Obligation to delete

You may require us to delete your personal information without delay and we are required to delete that information immediately, if any of the following is true:

(1) Personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.

(2) You revoke your consent, to which the processing acc. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. DSGVO and there is no other legal basis for processing.

(3) According to. Art. 21 para. 1 DSGVO objection to the processing and there are no prior justifiable reasons for the processing, or you lay gem. Art. 21 para. 2 DSGVO Opposition to processing.

(4) Your personal data have been processed unlawfully.

(5) The deletion of your personal data is required to fulfill a legal obligation under Union or national law to which we are subject.

(6) The personal data concerning you were collected in relation to information society services offered pursuant to Art. 8 (1) GDPR.

b) information to third parties

Have we made the personal data concerning you public and we are acc. Article 17 (1) of the GDPR, we shall take appropriate measures, including technical means, to inform the controllers responsible for the processing of the personal data, taking into account available technology and implementation costs, that you: the person concerned has requested the deletion of any links to such personal data or copies or replications of such personal data.

c) Exceptions

The right to erasure does not exist if the processing is necessary

(1) to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information;

(2) to fulfill a legal obligation that requires processing under the law of the Union or the Member States to which we are subject, or to perform a task of public interest or in the exercise of official authority that has been delegated to us;

(3) for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Art. 9 (2) lit. h and i and Art. 9 (3) GDPR;

(4) for archival purposes of public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes acc. Article 89 (1) GDPR, to the extent that the law referred to in subparagraph (a) is likely to render impossible or seriously affect the achievement of the objectives of that processing, or

(5) to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.

	 

5. Right to information

If you have the right to rectify, delete or restrict the processing to us, we shall be obliged to notify all recipients to whom your personal data have been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction of processing, unless this is the case proves to be impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.

You have the right to be informed about these recipients.

6. Right to Data Portability

You have the right to receive personally identifiable information you provide us in a structured, common and machine-readable format. In addition, you have the right to transfer this data to another person without hindrance, provided that

(1) the processing on a consent acc. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a DSGVO or on a contract acc. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO is based and

(2) the processing is done by automated means.

In exercising this right, you also have the right to obtain that personal data relating to you are transmitted directly by us to another person responsible, insofar as this is technically feasible. Freedoms and rights of other persons may not be affected.

The right to data portability does not apply to the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority that has been delegated to us.

	 

7. Right to object

You have the right at any time, for reasons that arise from your particular situation, against the processing of your personal data, which pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. e or f DSGVO takes an objection; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.

We will then no longer process your personal information, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the purpose of enforcing, pursuing or defending legal claims.

If the personal data relating to you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct mail.

If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, your personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes.

Regardless of Directive 2002/58 / EC, you have the option, in the context of the use of information society services, of exercising your right to object through automated procedures that use technical specifications.

	 

8. Right to revoke the data protection consent declaration

You have the right to revoke your data protection declaration at any time. The revocation of consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.

	9. Automated decision on a case-by-case basis, including profiling

You have the right not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated processing - including profiling - that will have legal effect or similarly affect you in a similar manner. This does not apply if the decision

(1) is required for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and us,

(2) is permitted under Union or Member State legislation to which we are subject, and where such legislation contains appropriate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests; or

(3) with your express consent.

However, these decisions must not be based on special categories of personal data under Art. 9 (1) GDPR, unless Art. 9 (2) lit. a or g and reasonable measures have been taken to protect the rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.

With respect to the cases mentioned in (1) and (3), we take reasonable steps to uphold the rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.

	 

10. Right to complain to a supervisory authority

Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your place of residence, employment or the place of the alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you is against the DSGVO violates.

The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted shall inform the complainant of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Article 78 of the GDPR.

	 

Responsible for data processing:

FC-Moto GmbH & Co. KG

	Aachener Str. 21 - 23

	52146 Würselen

	Telephone: +49 (0) 2405 4950050

	kontakt@fc-moto.de

	 

Contact details of our data protection officer:

Mrs. Bianca Mertens

Aachener Str. 21 - 23

	52146 Würselen

	bl@fc-moto.de

	 

