1. How we
collect data about you and your use of our website

1.1
 We may collect and process the following data about you:



1.1.1
 Information you give us. You may give us information about
you when you register with our website www.clearscore.com (our website) or by communicating with
us by phone, email or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you subscribe to our
services, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our website,
provide us with feedback, participate in surveys, and when you report a problem with our
website. The information you give us may include your name, address, email address, phone
number, date of birth, financial information relating to your assets, credit products or credit
position and any payments you make or receive, and credit card, loan or bank account
information.



1.1.2
 Information we collect from Credit Reference Agencies on
your behalf. If you register to use our services, we will obtain your credit score and credit
report from one or more Credit Reference Agencies on your behalf.



1.1.3
 Information we collect about you. Each time you visit our
website we may automatically collect the following information: (a) technical information,
including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the Internet, your
login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and
versions, operating system and platform; (b) information about your visit, including the full
Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website (including date and
time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of
visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and
mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call
our customer service number.



1.1.4
 Information we receive from other sources. We may receive
information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we
provide. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business
partners, service providers, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information
providers, Credit Reference Agencies) and may receive information about you from them.


2. Cookies 

2.1
 We and our service providers collect information about
your use of our website from cookies. For information about our use of cookies and how to
decline them please read our Cookies
Policy.


3. Uses made of the
information 

3.1
 We use information held about you in the following ways:



3.1.1
 Information you give to us or we collect from Credit
Reference Agencies or other third parties on your behalf as part of our services. We will use
this information to: (a) administer your account and relationship with us
and to, communicate with you by telephone, mail, email, text (SMS) message, instant messaging or
other electronic means; (b) verify your identity as part of our identity
authentication process (we will use the credit card or bank account information only for the
purposes of verifying your identity (and to prevent, detect and prosecute fraud and crime and
comply with legal or regulatory requirements) and will not retain it); (c)
provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us; (d)
provide you with information about other products and services we offer that are similar to
those that you have already purchased or enquired about; (e) provide you
with information about products or services we feel may interest you or be best for you;
(g) your data may be shared with product providers to validate if you are
an existing customer (which may affect whether you can be accepted for one of their products) or
for fraud prevention purposes. The product provider does not have permission to use these data
for any other purpose including marketing. (g) notify you about changes to
our services; (h) ensure that content from our website is presented in the
most effective manner for you and your device; (i) aggregate it on an
anonymous basis with other data for data analytical and reporting purposes; and
(j) undertake analysis and profiling of your credit information (and any
other data provided by you or on your behalf or which we collect on your behalf) in order to
identify and inform you of credit products (including personal loans and credit cards) that we
consider are likely to interest you or be suited to your credit circumstances.



3.1.2
 Information we collect about you. We will use this
information: (a) to administer our website and for internal operations,
including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
(b) to build up a picture of your interests so that you don’t miss
information relevant to you when you visit our website; (c) to improve the
service we offer you and to try and ensure that you get the best from our website, ensuring that
content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for the devices you use to access
it; (d) to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service,
when you choose to do so; (e) as part of our efforts to keep our website
safe and secure; (f) to measure or understand the effectiveness of
advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; (g)
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our website about products or
services that may interest you or them.



3.1.3
 Information we receive from other sources. We may combine
this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may us
this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the
types of information we receive).



3.2
 We may monitor or record telephone conversations or other
communications between you and us. We will use these recordings or transcripts of them to check
your instructions to us, analyse, assess and improve our services to customers, for training and
quality purposes and for the purposes of investigating any complaint you may make, or as
evidence in any dispute or anticipated disputes between you and us.


4. Who your data can be
disclosed to

4.1
 Disclosure of your data to others may be necessary to
ensure the smooth provision to you of the products, services and information you request. Your
data may be disclosed to the other entities as described below.



4.2
 We may share your personal information with any member of
our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.



4.3
 We may share your information with selected third parties
including:



4.3.1
 Credit Reference Agencies, to obtain your credit score and
credit report and to provide our services to you (please see “Credit Reference Agencies” below
for more detail);



4.3.2
 Fraud prevention agencies, to prevent crime and trace
those responsible (please see “Fraud Prevention Agencies” below for more detail);



4.3.3
 Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the
performance of any contract we enter into with you;



4.3.4
Service providers we use (such as comparison sites and
aggregators) for analysis and profiling of your credit information (and any other data provided
by you or on your behalf) to identify and inform you of credit products (for example, personal
loans and credit cards) that are likely to be suited to your credit circumstances through
targeted advertising;



4.3.5
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data
(in an aggregated format whereby individuals cannot be individually identified), to select and
serve relevant adverts to you and others and to make sure their adverts reach their intended
audience (for example, by telling them how many women or men have clicked on an advert); and



4.3.6
 Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in
the improvement and optimisation of our website.



4.4
 We may disclose your personal information to third parties
if:



4.4.1
 we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we
may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;



4.4.2
Clear Score Technology Limited or substantially all of its
assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers
will be one of the transferred assets; and



4.4.3
 we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal
data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms
and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Clear Score Technology
Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and
organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Credit Reference
Agencies



4.5
 If you register to use our services we will obtain on your
behalf, in accordance with our Terms, copies of your
credit report and credit score from designated Credit Reference Agencies. In order to provide
these services to you, we will share your information with such Credit Reference Agencies.



4.6
 Credit Reference Agencies collect and maintain information
about consumers’ and businesses’ credit behaviour. This includes Electoral Register, fraud
prevention, and credit information (including details of previous applications and the conduct
of your bank accounts) and public information such as County Court Judgements, decrees, and
bankruptcies. Credit Reference Agencies may form a link between any previous or subsequent names
that you use in the records they hold about you.



4.7
 The information that organisations provide to Credit
Reference Agencies about you, your financial associates and your business (if you have one) may
be provided to other organisations and used by them and us to:



4.7.1
 Help make decisions, for example when: (a) Checking
details on applications for loans or other credit and credit-related or other facilities; (b)
Canaging loan, credit and credit-related accounts or facilities; (c) Recovering debt; (d)
Checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance; (e) Checking details of job
applicants and employees;



4.7.2
 Detect and prevent crime, fraud and money laundering;



4.7.3
 Check your credit history;


4.7.4
 Verify your identity if you, or someone financially linked
with you, applies for a loan or services;



4.7.5
 Trace your whereabouts; and


4.7.6
 Undertake research, statistical analysis and systems
testing. Fraud Prevention Agencies



4.8
 We have processes and systems that protect our customers
and ourselves against fraud and other crime. Customer information can be used to prevent crime
and trace those responsible. We will share your personal information with fraud prevention
agencies. If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified, details of
this fraud will be passed to these agencies. Law enforcement agencies may access and use this
information. Other organisations may also access and use this information to prevent fraud and
money laundering, for example when:



4.8.1
 Checking details on applications for credit and credit
related or other facilities;



4.8.2
 Managing credit and credit related accounts or
facilities;



4.8.4
 Checking details on proposals and claims for all types of
insurance; and



4.8.5
 Checking details of job applicants and employees.


4.9
 We and other organisations may access and use from other
countries the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies.


5.Direct marketing and how
you can change your preference

5.1
 We offer you the opportunity to receive information from
us. We will normally send direct marketing by email if we have your email address, but may
choose to contact you via other methods such as telephone or SMS or mail.



5.2
If you would like us to stop sending direct marketing to
you, we offer simple ways to do this. Whenever you receive direct marketing you will be told how
to unsubscribe.



5.2
If you would like us to stop sending direct marketing to
you, we offer simple ways to do this. Whenever you receive direct marketing you will be told how
to unsubscribe.



5.3
If you consented to receive marketing communications when
you registered for our website or services, you can tell us that you do not wish to receive any
more by writing, with your full name, address and other contact details (to enable us to find
your records), to: Clear Score Technology Limited 47 Durham Street, London, SE11 5JA, UK



5.4
 You can also send an email to optout@clearscore.com
with your name and we will stop marketing communications to you.


6. Where we store your data

6.1
 All information you provide to us is stored on our secure
servers.



6.2
 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the
internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data,
we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website; any transmission is at
your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and
security features to try to prevent unauthorised access, loss or damage.


7. How long we keep your information for

7.1
 How long we keep your information will depend on the
purpose for which we use it. We will only retain your information for as long as is necessary
for those purposes.



7.2
 Please note that if you withdraw consent to the processing
of your personal data, access to our website and the associated services will be suspended or
terminated. We will keep an archived record of your personal data for a period of up to 7 years
after termination (unless a longer period is prescribed by law) for the purposes of responding
to legal disputes and legal or regulatory enquiries or investigations only, but will not use
this data for any other purpose.


8.Third party websites


8.1
 Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and
from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to
any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that
we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies
before you submit any personal data to these websites.


9.Requesting a copy of your personal information

9.1
 Under the Act, you may request a copy of any personal data
about you held by us and we have up to 40 calendar days to respond. Any access request may be
subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we
hold about you.



9.2
 The request must be in writing and must contain the
following:



9.2.1
 Your name and postal address;


9.2.2
 A telephone number where you can be reached.


9.3
 You must also provide:


9.3.1
 A photocopy of your passport or driving licence;


9.3.2
 Your signature and the date of the request;


9.3.3
 Signed authority from the individual whose data is
required if you are applying on their behalf.



9.4
Please send your request to: Data Protection
Manager Clear Score Technology Limited 47 Durham Street, London, SE11 5JA, UK


10.Changes to our privacy policy

10.1
 Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the
future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please
check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.


11.Contact

11.1
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy
Policy should be addressed to help@clearscore.com.



11.2
If you require any further guidance on updating the details
we hold about you, please contact us: help@clearscore.com.



