

Welcome to the HowToDoThings.com community!  Since 2001, our site has brought together a collection of people and informative articles dedicated to solving life’s everyday problems.  Our growing online library features advice from experts, knowledgeable hobbyists and enthusiastic amateurs who are serious about saving you time, money, and unnecessary mistakes.
The nearly 6 million people who visit our site each month are looking for tips and directions on how to do everything under the sun. That’s just the sort of help our experts have always offered—plenty of tools and resources on how to do things more stylishly, better, faster, easier, cheaper, and even more meaningfully.
No doubt, you’re a lot like the rest of us here, the curious, the stumped, the hobbyists, and DIY addicts. Sometimes we are bent on self-improvement, and occasionally we’re the frustrated do-it-yourselfers stuck in the middle of a weekend project. Sure, life can be a challenge, but HowToDoThings was created to make certain we don’t face those challenges alone!
Like what you see here?  Please "Like" us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter.
HowToDoThings.com is owned and operated by How To Do Things, Ltd.
Our address is:
5042 Wilshire Blvd #18483
Los Angeles, CA  90036
(we also have offices in San Francisco, CA and Seattle, WA)
The HowToDoThings Editorial Team
 
Privacy PolicyWe are committed to protecting your privacy when you visit HowToDoThings.com and its related websites (collectively, the “Website”), so we want you to know what information we collect during your visits, how we use it, and how you can update and control the use of that information.  We reserve the right to amend or otherwise modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please re-visit this page occasionally to check for updates. What Information We Collect Information Collected Automatically Information You Provide to Us VoluntarilyHow We Use Information Collected AutomaticallyHow We Use Information That You Provide to Us VoluntarilyOpt-in/Opt-out ProceduresOur Security MeasuresWhy We Use "Cookies" Third Party AdvertisersLinks to Other SitesAccess to Personally Identifiable InformationWebsite Users Located Outside of the United States of AmericaBusiness TransitionsChanges in this Privacy PolicyContact UsDefinitions Information We CollectWe collect various types of information from our visitors which we use in the general administration of the Website, to improve the content and usability of the Website in order to meet our users’ needs and expectations, and to present to users of the Website more targeted advertising, products and services.  Some of this information is provided to us voluntarily by the users of the Website, and other information is collected automatically through cookies or other Internet tracking technologies.>Information Collected AutomaticallyEach time you visit the Website, your browser or internet session automatically sends to us, and we automatically collect, the following types of information:Your browser, e.g., Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator,Your Internet domain, e.g., AOL, Netcom, Earthlink, etc.,You computer's operating system, e.g., Windows, Macintosh, UNIX, Linux, etc.,Your navigation path, i.e., the URLs of where you come to our site from, which of our pages you visit, and where you go as your leave (sometimes called “clickstream data”),Your computer’s IP Address, andA date/time stamp.This information is automatically stored in log files, and helps us analyze trends with regard to use of the Website so we can make the Website more useful.  For example, we use this information to track how users are finding the Website, track users’ movements around the Website, determine which pages are visited the most often, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.  However, this information does not identify individual users.  Information You Provide to Us VoluntarilyIn addition, when you register as a Contributor and set up an account on the Website, we collect certain personal information, such as your first and last name and e-mail address.  However, even if you do not register as a Contributor, from time to time, we may collect information that you choose to provide to us.  For instance, you may provide us with personal information when:Requesting additional information from us or our advertisers,Submitting questions, opinions, or other feedback regarding the Website, orParticipating in community or interactive features that we may provide on the Website.Examples of personally identifiable data that you may provide to us include name, address or other location information, email address, gender, age, marital status, occupation, and other similar personal information.How We Use Information Collected AutomaticallyWe use the information we automatically collect only in the general administration of the Website, and to help us improve the Website to better meet your information needs.How We Use Information That You Provide to Us VoluntarilyYour e-mail address will be used only in the following circumstances:If a user of the Website has registered and been accepted as a Contributor, we may send notifications to the Contributor relating to the use of the Website or the article submission, editorial, or publication processes;Provided such Contributor has given us permission to do so, we may send additional notifications of other features on the Website to the Contributor; andIf a Contributor has given us permission to do so, we may send regular notifications, periodic updates, newsletters, or other news regarding the Website, our other promotions, products, or services, or our partners and their promotions, products, or services.  If you are a Contributor or otherwise have provided your e-mail address to us when using the Website, your e-mail address will never be shared with or displayed to any other person without your prior consent.  For a description of how a user’s permission or consent is given, see “Opt-in/Opt-out Procedures” below.We will use the other personal information you have voluntarily provided to us for marketing purposes only with your prior permission.  Otherwise, all personally identifiable information you provide is maintained in confidence.  Except as explained above, or where you are expressly informed otherwise, we will not sell, rent, share, trade or give away any of your personal information, unless required by law, when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on the Website, or for the protection of a Contributor’s use of the Website or participation in the publication process.  However, we will share certain aggregate Website usage information or other aggregated demographic information about users of the Website in a non-personally identifiable manner with advertisers, partners, and other third parties in order to present to users of the Website more targeted advertising, products and services.  In such situations we will never disclose information that would personally identify you.  Opt-in/Opt-out ProceduresIf you become a Contributor or otherwise provide your e-mail address to us, we provide you the opportunity to “opt-out” of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information.  For example, if a Contributor registers or signs up for a promotion, contest, or other feature provided through the Website, but does not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, the Contributor can indicate his or her preference on the applicable registration or personal profile page.If a Contributor no longer wishes to receive any of our notifications, updates, newsletters or promotional communications, he or she may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each of such communications or on his or her personal profile page.You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent or service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.Our Security MeasuresThe security of your personal information is important to us.  We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.  No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.  Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.If you have any questions about security on the Website, you can email us at admin@howtodothings.com.Why We Use “Cookies”A “cookie” is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes.  We use cookies on this site, and we link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.  We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site.  A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser.  A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time.  You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” or “options” file.  If you are a Contributor, we may set a persistent cookie to store your e-mail address or password, so you don’t have to enter it more than once.  Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on the Website.  If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as promotions, contests, or surveys, will be limited.  Some of our business partners (for example, advertisers) use cookies on our site.  We have no access to or control over these cookies.  This Privacy Policy covers only the use of cookies by us on the Website and does not cover the use of cookies by any of our business partners.  See “Third Party Advertisers” below.  Third Party AdvertisersThe ads appearing on the Website are delivered to users by our advertising partner, who is a reputable, independent ad server.   We share Website usage information about users with our advertising partner for the purpose of targeting our advertisements on the Website.We also use third party advertisers to display ads and collect information on the Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on the Website, other sites and other forms of media about goods and services that may be of interest to you.  If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.Links to Other SitesThe Website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage you to be aware of when you leave the Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.This privacy statement applies only to information collected by the Website.Access to Personally Identifiable InformationIf you are a Contributor, and your personally identifiable information changes or you no longer desire to contribute to the Website or use any other feature offered to Contributors through the Website, you may correct, update, or delete such information or deactivate your Contributor account by making the change on “My Profile” page, by emailing our Customer Support, or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.Website Users Located Outside of the United States of AmericaWe have made an effort to protect the personal information of all users of the Website, and to the extent applicable, we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws.  If you are unsure whether this Privacy Policy is in conflict with the applicable local rules where you are located, you should not submit your personal information to the Website.  IN ADDITION, IF YOU ARE LOCATED WITHIN THE EUROPEAN UNION, YOU SHOULD NOTE THAT YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE TRANSFERRED TO THE UNITED STATES, THE LAWS OF WHICH MAY BE DEEMED BY THE EUROPEAN UNION TO HAVE INADEQUATE DATA PROTECTION (see, for example, European Union Directive 95/46/EC of 24 October 1995, a copy of which can be found here).  If you are located in a country outside of the United States of America, and you submit personal information to the Website, we will consider such submission to be your consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that information to and/or storage of that information in the United States of America.Business TransitionsIn the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred.  Where feasible, you will be notified via e-mail of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.  However, we reserve the right to notify you of any such change by prominently posting a notice on the Website for 30 days after any such change.Changes in This Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes in the currently available version of this Privacy Policy, on the Website’s homepage, and any other place we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently.  If we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you as described above.Contact UsIf you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: admin@howtodothings.com.DefinitionsIP (Internet Protocol) AddressThis is the address of a computer attached to a TCP/IP network. Every client and server station must have a unique IP address. Client workstations have either a permanent address or one that is dynamically assigned for each dial-up session. IP addresses are written as four sets of numbers separated by periods; for example, 204.171.64.2.Browser SessionA browser session is defined as the period of time a browser is in consecutive use. The session begins when you open the browser and ends when you close it. When you reopen the browser, you begin a new session.URL (Uniform Resource Locator)An Internet address. URLs are used to locate sites on the Internet and to navigate between sites and pages within sites. Terms & ConditionsTerms and Conditions of UseEffective Date: August 16th, 2010THESE TERMS OF USE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME ("Terms") ARE A BINDING CONTRACT BETWEEN How To Do Things, Ltd. ("HTDT" or "we" or "our" or "us") AND YOU ("you" or "your"). BEFORE USING THE HowToDoThings.COM WEBSITE (the "Site"), PLEASE READ THESE TERMS RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE CAREFULLY. BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, AND YOU AGREE TO FOLLOW THE GUIDELINES AND POLICIES THAT HTDT MAY POST ON THE SITE OR PROVIDE TO YOU FROM TIME TO TIME. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THE SITE, IN WHICH CASE YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY EXIT AND NOT USE THE SITE. HTDT MAKES THE SITE CONTENT AND INFORMATION ON THE SITE AVAILABLE TO YOU CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ACCEPTANCE, WITHOUT MODIFICATION, OF THE TERMS. THESE TERMS APPLY TO ALL USERS, INCLUDING VISITORS TO THE SITEAND REGISTERED MEMBERS. IF YOU WISH TO BECOME A REGISTERED USER, COMMUNICATE WITH OTHER REGISTERED USERS AND MAKE USE OF HTDT'S SERVICES, YOU MUST READ THIS AGREEMENT AND ALSO INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE DURING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS. 1. DESCRIPTION OF SITE; MINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENT Our Site is a popular place to find instructions on how to do a variety of things. You and other users of our Site have access to thousands of articles that are intended to provide directions on how to do things. Many of these articles are authored by people from around the world, and represent a diversity of perspectives, experience and approaches to issues that may be of interest to you.In addition to being a place for you to find out how to do things, the Site is also a platform for you to share your ideas with others. In return for our display of your article(s) for any period of time, you grant ownership in such article(s) to HTDT as described in Section 5 hereof. We invite you to comment on HTDT articles.This Site is intended for use by persons who are at least 18 years old, or the legal age required to form a binding contract in your jurisdiction if that age is greater than 18. By using the Site, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old and of legal age to form a binding contract, and you hereby ratify any prior grant of rights, consents, agreements, assignments and waivers made by you. If you choose to set up an Account, your Account may be used only by you. If you are not 18 years of age, or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, and you use the site and submit articles, then when you reach the age of majority, you will be deemed to have ratified these terms and conditions automatically, and without further action.2. MODIFICATIONS TO TERMS You agree that from time to time we may, at our sole discretion, modify, add or remove any or all parts of these Terms and the Privacy Policy. Such modifications will be effective immediately upon posting of the modified Terms to the Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these Terms will mean that you accept those changes. To update the Terms, we will post both the changed version and its effective date on the Site. As such, we encourage you to check back regularly to review these Terms and any updates thereto.3. MODIFICATIONS TO SITE You may use the Site only when and as available. We reserve the right from time to time to temporarily or permanently modify or discontinue, and restrict or block access to, the Site (or any part thereof) without notice. We may temporarily or permanently modify or remove any part or all content from the Site at any time without any notice to you.  We will not be liable to you or any third party for any such modification, suspension, discontinuance or removal and any such action by us will not affect HTDT's ownership in the Content as stated herein.4. POSTING CONTENT ON/SUBMITTING CONTENT TO THE SITE; REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES By displaying or publishing ("posting") any content on the Site or submitting any content to the Site, including without limitation articles, text, audio, video, pictures, graphics, music, sound clips, images, likenesses, personal information and other works of authorship (collectively, "Content"), you warrant and represent that (a) you own all rights in the Content and the performance contained in your Content or, alternatively, you have acquired all necessary rights in the Content to enable you to grant to HTDT the rights in the Content described herein and for us to exercise the rights with respect to such Content that you grant herein; (b) the Content has not previously appeared on any other website or online medium. (c) you have paid and will pay in full all license fees, clearance fees, and other financial obligations, of any kind, arising from any use or commercial exploitation of the Content; (d) you are the individual pictured, depicted, and/or heard in the Content, or, alternatively, you have obtained permission (and, if applicable, publicity rights) from each person (including consent from parents or guardians for any individual under the age of eighteen (18)) who appears and/or is heard in the Content to grant the rights to HTDT described herein; (e) you will make such permissions available to HTDT upon request; and (f) the Content is not defamatory in nature, does not infringe the intellectual property rights, privacy, rights to publicity or any other legal or moral rights of any third party. You agree to keep all records necessary to establish that the Content does not violate any of the foregoing representations and warranties and to make such records available upon the request of HTDT all without the violation of any other person's intellectual property or other rights or of any laws or regulations.To post Content on or have Content posted to the Site, you must first complete the Site registration process to create an account with a user name and password (the "Account"). You agree to provide accurate current and complete information during the registration process, when contributing or submitting Content or when otherwise using the Site. You also agree that you will review, maintain, correct and update such information in a timely manner to maintain its accuracy and completeness. You agree to safeguard your user name and password, and you authorize us to accept any use of the Site through your Account as being used by you or someone authorized to act for you. You agree to be liable for any Content posted or submitted using your Account and for any transactions associated with your Account. You agree that we can rely upon the contact and other information that is supplied to us using your Account and that we will rely upon such information. You agree and acknowledge that your Account is non-transferable and non-assignable.5. OWNERSHIP OF RIGHTS By posting on and/or submitting Content to the Site, you grant sole ownership of all copyrights and other intellectual property and proprietary rights in such Content to HTDT and HTDT acquires all of the rights that go along with such ownership, including without limitation the sole and exclusive right to publish, perform, reproduce, modify, transmit, distribute, display (including in each case by means of a digital audio transmission), create derivative works of, sublicense (through unlimited levels of sublicense), and sell the Content, in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed throughout the world. You will retain no ownership interest or rights in the Content or in the copyright of the Content.  Without our prior written consent, you will have no right to publish or reproduce the Content.  You also hereby waive any moral or personal rights you may have in such Content under the laws of any jurisdiction and all rights to any compensation, past or future, that may be generated from the Content. For purposes of any applicable copyright laws, the Content shall be considered work made for hire.  Alternatively, by agreeing to these terms, you assign any copyright interest in the Content to HTDT.  Accordingly, all of the rights to the Content shall vest in HTDT, as the Content's sole and absolute owner.  Only HTDT shall have the right to apply for any copyright with respect to the Content, including the copyright for any renewed or extended terms. You hereby appoint us as your agent with full power to enter into and execute any document and/or do any act we may consider appropriate to confirm the grant of rights, consents, agreements, assignments and waivers set forth in these Terms. You agree that we may (but are not obligated to) display the Content, and your username or your actual name along with the Content. You acknowledge that the posting of the Content for any period of time is sufficient consideration for the rights granted herein to HTDT. 6. PROHIBITED CONDUCT You agree not to post on or submit to the Site any Content or any other materials whatsoever that is or could appear to be: (a) untrue, misleading, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive to another person's privacy or protected data, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; (b) infringing or alleged to be infringing upon a third party's intellectual property rights, including any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other proprietary rights of any party, including, without limitation, any Content that is the subject of any third party claim of infringement; (c) of a type that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships, such as inside information and proprietary and confidential information; (d) unsolicited, undisclosed or unauthorized advertising; (e) software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (f) data or information obtained through access that was not authorized by the owner of the data or information, or with respect to which such posting would constitute unauthorized use; or (g) in violation of any applicable local, state, national or international law, regulation, or statute (including export laws).7. PROHIBITED CONDUCT You agree not to do, or attempt to do, any of the following, subject to applicable law: (a) access or use the Site or any service on the Site in any way that violates or is not in full compliance with any applicable local, state, national or international law, regulation, or statute (including export laws), contracts, intellectual property rights or constitutes the commission of a tort, or for any purpose that is harmful or unintended (by us), or other than in full compliance with these Terms; (b) access, tamper with, or use services or areas of the Site that you are not authorized to access; (c) alter information on or obtained from the Site; (d) tamper with postings, registration information, profiles, submissions or Content of other users; (e) use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or interface not provided by us to access the Site or extract data or gather or use information, such as email addresses, available from the Site or transmit any unsolicited advertising, "junk mail," "spam," or "chain letters"; (f) frame any part of the Site, or link to the Site, or otherwise make it look like you have a relationship to us or that we have endorsed you or your Content for any purpose except as expressly permitted in writing by HTDT; (g) impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; (h) reverse engineer any aspect of the Site or do anything that might discover source code, or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any area, content or code of the Site (except as otherwise expressly permitted by law); (i) send to or otherwise impact us or the Site (or anything or anyone else) with harmful, illegal, deceptive or disruptive code such as a virus, "spyware," "adware" or other code that could adversely impact the Site or any recipient; or (j) take any action which might impose a significant burden (as determined by us) on the Site's infrastructure or computer systems, or otherwise interfere with the ordinary operation of the Site.8. MONITORING OF SITE CONTENT We are under no obligation to restrict or monitor Site Content in any way. YOU UNDERSTAND AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT HTDT DOES NOT REGULARLY MONITOR THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF CONTENT. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to modify or remove any Content at any time. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or Content expressed or made available by third parties, including other users, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not of HTDT. HTDT neither endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, information, or statement made on this Site by anyone other than authorized HTDT employees acting in their official capacities.9. PROTECTION OF SITE CONTENT Our Site is protected by intellectual property laws and you agree to respect them. HTDT grants you a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive license, under the rights HTDT has in the Content, to privately display the Content on your computer for your own personal, noncommercial purposes, and to print a reasonable number of copies of the Content as needed for that use. HTDT reserves all other rights in the Content and HTDT does not, directly or by implication, by estoppel or otherwise, grant any rights or licenses to you under these Terms. Except as expressly stated in this paragraph, you may not reproduce, distribute, modify, publicly perform or display, or prepare derivative works of any Content without prior written consent from HTDT. You agree not to reverse engineer any Content consisting of downloadable software, unless specifically authorized by HTDT or otherwise permitted by law.10. PRIVACY POLICY Please see our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated into these Terms. We reserve the right to contact you in connection with our or your compliance with and performance of these Terms (including without limitation the license rights granted hereunder) or any Content or activities relating to the Site.11. TERMINATION OR CANCELLATION You agree that we may, at any time and at our sole discretion, with or without cause or any notice to you, terminate these Terms, your access to the Site, and/or your Account, or suspend or block your access to the Site. If applicable law requires us to provide notice of termination or cancellation, we may give prior or subsequent notice by posting it on the Site or by sending a communication to any address (email or otherwise) that we have for you in our records. You will still be liable for any breaches of these Terms and/or obligations incurred before the Terms end. If you use the Site after termination of these Terms, that use will constitute your agreement to the Terms then posted on the Site.The provisions entitled "Posting Content on/Submitting Content to the Site; Representations and Warranties," "Ownership of Rights," "Indemnification," "Disclaimer of Warranties," "Exclusion of Damages; Limitation of Liability," "Additional Terms", the Privacy Policy, and any other terms which by their nature appear to be intended to survive the termination of the terms, will survive termination of these Terms.12. DEALINGS WITH MERCHANTS; LINKS The Site contains advertisements, offers, or other links to other websites and resources of third parties that we do not control. That information, as well as advertisements, may or may not be or remain wholly accurate. You acknowledge and agree that HTDT is not responsible or liable for (i) the availability or accuracy of such sites or resources; or (ii) the content, advertising, or products or services on or available from such sites or resources. The inclusion of any link on the Site does not imply that we endorse the linked site. You use the links at your own risk. HTDT's Privacy Policy is applicable only when you are on our Site. Once you choose to link to another website, you should read and understand that website's privacy statement before disclosing any personal information.Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, third party merchants or advertisers that are found on or through the Site or which provide links on the Site, including, for example, "click to purchase" and other similar programs, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such merchant or advertiser. You waive any claim against HTDT and agree to hold HTDT harmless from any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such merchants or advertisers on the Site.13. INDEMNIFICATION As a condition of your access to and use of the Site, you agree to hold HTDT, and their subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, and suppliers, and each of their respective successors and assigns, harmless from, and indemnify them for, all damages, costs, expenses and other liabilities, including but not limited to attorneys' fees and expenses, relating to any claim arising out of or related to: (i) your access to and use of the Site and the content therein; (ii) your violation of these Terms (including terms incorporated into them, e.g., the Privacy Policy and Supplemental Terms), and any applicable law or the rights of another person or party; (iii) any dispute you have or claim to have with one or more users of the Site; (iv) HTDT's resolution (if any) of any dispute you have or claim to have with one or more users of the Site; (v) your improper authorization for HTDT to collect, use or disclose any data or Content provided by you; and (vi) any disclosures made with your permission (including, without limitation, your consent that HTDT disclose your personal information and other information collected as set forth in our Privacy Policy). Furthermore, you fully understand and agree that: (a) HTDT will have the right but not the obligation to resolve disputes between users relating to the Site and HTDT's resolution of a particular dispute does not a create an obligation to resolve any other dispute; and (b) HTDT's resolution of a dispute will be final with respect to the Site.14. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES THE SITE MAY CONTAIN ADVICE, OPINIONS, INSTRUCTIONS AND STATEMENTS FROM HTDT, ITS USERS AND OTHER CONTENT AND INFORMATION PROVIDERS. THIS CONTENT IS INTENDED TO BE USED FOR INFORMATIONAL AND ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY. YOU USE THE SITE AND CONTENT AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE STRONGLY URGE YOU TO CONSULT A PROFESSIONAL OR SOME OTHER AUTHORITY IN THE APPROPRIATE FIELD BEFORE USING ANY OF THE CONTENT. THE SITE IS PROVIDED BY HTDT ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, HTDT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION OR CONTENT INCLUDED ON THE SITE. HTDT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE, SECURE, OR TIMELY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, HTDT EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND THOSE ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, TRADE, USAGE OR PERFORMANCE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. WE URGE YOU TO KEEP BACKUP COPIES OF CONTENT AND OTHER MATERIAL, IF ANY, THAT YOU MAINTAIN ON OR USE WITH THE SITE. IF YOUR USE OF THE SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING PROPERTY, MATERIAL, EQUIPMENT OR DATA, WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY RESULTING COSTS OR DAMAGES.Without limiting any of the foregoing, HTDT makes the following specific disclaimers for the following categories of information:INVESTMENT & FINANCIAL INFORMATION: The Content located on the Site should not be interpreted as financial or investment advice nor should it be interpreted as creating any kind of investment advisor or financial advisor relationship. You should NOT rely upon the financial and investment information or opinions provided herein and you should conduct your own independent research and consult with your personal investment advisor before making an investment or financial decision. You are solely responsible for any investment and financial decisions, omissions or actions you take. Neither HTDT, its affiliates, nor any of their respective agents, employees, information providers or content providers shall have any liability for your financial/investment decisions based upon, or the results obtained from, the Content on the Site.MEDICAL & HEALTH INFORMATION: The Content located on the Site should not be interpreted as medical or health advice. The Content should not be used to diagnose, treat or cure any medical or health condition nor should it be interpreted as creating any kind of doctor-patient or health/medical advisor relationship. You should NOT rely upon the medical, health, dietary, nutritional or other professional information or opinions provided and you should always speak to your personal health care provider before beginning, changing or stopping any medication or any treatment for a health problem. You are solely responsible for any decisions, omissions or actions you take based on choosing to seek or not to seek professional medical care, or choosing or not choosing specific treatments. Neither HTDT, its affiliates, nor any of their respective agents, employees, information providers or content providers shall have any liability for your medical, health, dietary or nutritional decisions based upon, or the results obtained from, the Content on the Site.LEGAL INFORMATION: The Content located on the Site should not be interpreted as legal advice nor should it be interpreted as creating any kind of attorney-client or legal advisor relationship. You should NOT rely upon the legal information or opinions provided and you should consult with your personal legal advisor; this Site is not a substitute for an in-person consultation with an attorney, as the applicability of the legal principles discussed at this Website may differ substantially in individual situations or in different states or countries. You are solely responsible for any legal decisions or actions you take or omissions you commit. Neither HTDT, its affiliates, nor any of their respective agents, employees, information providers or content providers shall have any liability for your legal decisions based upon, or the results obtained from, the Content on the Site.15. EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT NEITHER HTDT NOR AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS AND SUPPLIERS, NOR EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU AND/OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PRIVACY, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR ANY OTHER LOSSES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IN THE EVENT OF FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR STRICT OR PRODUCT LIABILITY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU OF HTDT AND THEIR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, AND SUPPLIERS AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS EXCEED, IN TOTAL, THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO US, IF ANY. YOU RECOGNIZE THAT YOU WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER ANY MONEY DAMAGES IN THE EVENT THAT HTDT HAS NOT PAID ANY MONEY TO YOU EVEN IF HTDT HAS VIOLATED YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.16. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT HTDT respects the intellectual property rights of others and requests that the people who use the Site do the same. If you believe that your work has been reproduced and is accessible on the Site in a way that constitutes an infringement of your copyright interest, you may notify us by providing our copyright agent with the following information in writing:a. the electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on the owner's behalf; b. identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; c. identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit HTDT to locate the material (for example, by providing a URL to the material); d. your name, address, telephone number, and email address; e. a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and f. a statement that the information in your notification is accurate and a statement, made under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.  Our designated agent to receive notification of claimed infringement can be reached at:Copyright Agent 433 Airport Blvd, Suite 550 Burlingame, CA 94010 admin@howtodothings.comIn the event that we conclude that your copyright interest has been infringed, we will remove the infringing material from the Site. It is our policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances any Account for repeated infringement of intellectual property rights, including copyrights, and we also reserve the right to terminate an Account for even one instance of infringement.17. CUSTOMER SUPPORT You acknowledge that we have no obligation to provide you with customer support of any kind. However, we may provide you with customer support from time to time, at our sole discretion, provided that you have created an Account and that you submit your customer support inquiries using such Account.18. NOTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION Except as otherwise provided in these Terms, HTDT will give you any notices by posting them on the Site. You authorize HTDT to send notices (including without limitation notice of subpoenas or other legal process, if any) via electronic mail as well if HTDT decides, in its sole discretion, to do so. You agree to check the Site for notices, and that you will be considered to have received a notice when it is made available to you by posting on the Site. HTDT may provide notice to any e-mail or other address that you provide during registration. You agree to keep your address current and that notice provided by HTDT to the address that you have most recently provided will constitute effective notice. We receive many emails and not all of our employees are trained to deal with every kind of communication. Therefore, with the exception of notices related to copyright infringement and removal of licensed material described in Sections 17 and 5 above, respectively, you agree to send us any notice by mailing it to our address for Legal Notices which is: 433 Airport Blvd, Suite 550, Burlingame, CA 94010, U.S.A., Attn: HowToDoThings Legal Department.19. ADDITIONAL TERMS a. Agreement to Conduct Transactions Electronically. You agree that all of your transactions with or through the Site may, at our option, be conducted electronically from start to finish. If we decide to proceed non-electronically, those services will still be governed by the remainder of these Terms unless you enter into different terms on a form provided by us. If the law allows you to withdraw this consent or if we are ever required to deal with you non-electronically, we reserve the right to charge or increase fees and you agree to print or make an electronic copy of the Terms and any other contract or disclosure that we are required to provide to you.b. Compliance with Laws. You are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws, keeping in mind that access to the Site Content by certain persons or in certain countries may not be legal.c. No Agency; No Third Party Beneficiary. No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship is intended or created by these Terms. Neither of us intends that any third party will be a beneficiary of or entitled to rely on any part of these Terms.d. Severance. If any part of the Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the invalid or unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible and the remainder will remain in full force and effect, provided that the allocation of risks described herein is given effect to the fullest extent possible.e. No Assignment. These Terms (including terms incorporated into them, e.g., the Privacy Policy and Supplemental Terms) are personal to you and you may not transfer, assign or delegate them to anyone without the express written permission of HTDT. Any attempt by you to assign, transfer or delegate these Terms without the express written permission of HTDT will be null and void. HTDT shall have the right to transfer, assign and/or delegate these Terms to one or more third parties without your permission. f. Jurisdiction; Choice of Law; Export Limitations. This Site is controlled by us from our offices within the United States of America and is directed to U.S. users. If you choose to access this Site from locations outside the U.S., you do so at your own risk and you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export anything from the Site in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations or the Terms. These Terms and all performances and claims of every nature (including without limitation, contract, tort and strict liability) relating in any way to any aspect of the Site will be governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., without regard to any conflicts of laws principles that would result in the application of the law of a different jurisdiction. You and HTDT agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within San Mateo County, California. Any disputes regarding such claims or arising under or related in any way to these Terms or the Site shall be heard exclusively in the appropriate forum in California. You hereby consent to jurisdiction in a state or federal court sitting in San Francisco, California, and waive any claim or defense that such forum is not convenient or proper, and consent to service of process by any means authorized by California or federal law.g. Limitations on Actions. Any action concerning any dispute you may have with respect to this Site must be commenced within one year after the cause of the dispute arises, or the cause of action is barred.h. Paragraph Headings. The paragraph headings in these Terms are included to help make these Terms easier to read and have no binding effect.i. Entire Agreement. These Terms (including terms incorporated into them, e.g., the Privacy Policy and Supplemental Terms) comprise the entire agreement (the "Entire Agreement") between you and HTDT with respect to the use of the Site and supersedes all contemporaneous and prior agreements between the parties regarding the subject matter contained herein, and neither party has relied on any representations made by the other that are not expressly set forth in the Entire Agreement.k. No Waiver. The failure of HTDT to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms, including any failure to act with respect to a breach, will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision or HTDT's right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. We suggest that you print out a copy of these Terms for your records.NOTICE OF AVAILABILITY OF FILTERING SOFTWARE All users are hereby informed by the provider of this interactive computer service that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. A report detailing some of those protections can be found at http://www.ntia.doc.gov/ntiahome/ntiageneral/cipa2003/index.html (Children's Internet Protection Act: Report on the Effectiveness of Internet Protection Measures and Safety Policies).NOTICE: NO HARVESTING OR DICTIONARY ATTACKS ALLOWED HTDT WILL NOT GIVE, SELL, OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER ADDRESSES MAINTAINED BY HTDT TO ANY OTHER PARTY FOR THE PURPOSES OF INITIATING, OR ENABLING OTHERS TO INITIATE, ELECTRONIC MAIL MESSAGES EXCEPT AS AUTHORIZED BY APPROPRIATE HTDT PERSONNEL OR POLICIES. EXCEPT FOR PARTIES AUTHORIZED TO HAVE ADDRESSES MAINTAINED BY HTDT, PERSONS MAY VIOLATE FEDERAL LAW IF THEY: (1) INITIATE THE TRANSMISSION TO HTDT COMPUTERS OR DEVICES OF A COMMERCIAL ELECTRONIC MAIL MESSAGE (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. "CAN-SPAM ACT OF 2003") THAT DOES NOT MEET THE MESSAGE TRANSMISSION REQUIREMENTS OF THAT ACT; OR (2) ASSIST IN THE ORIGINATION OF SUCH MESSAGES THROUGH THE PROVISION OR SELECTION OF ADDRESSES TO WHICH THE MESSAGES WILL BE TRANSMITTED.NOTICE RE TRADEMARKS The trademarks HowToDoThings.com and all other trademarks listed below or used in the Site are owned or used under license by HTDT and its affiliated organizations. The names of third parties and their products mentioned may be their trademarks. You may not use any of the above or other trademarks displayed on this Site or in any Site content. All rights are reserved.NOTICE RE COPYRIGHT OWNERSHIP: © HTDT Ltd. U.S.A. All rights reserved. All content on the Site is subject to intellectual property rights, contractual or other protection. The intellectual property rights are owned by us or our licensors. No content may be copied, distributed, republished, uploaded, posted or transmitted in any way except as provided expressly in the Terms or with our prior express written consent. Modification or use of the materials for any other purpose may violate intellectual property rights. Last updated: August 16th, 2010  

