Legal NoticeLeicester Football Club PlcRegistered Office:Aylestone RoadLeicesterLE2 7TRRegistered Company Number: 3459344VAT Number: 823 843 621 Registered in England and WalesPrivacy Statement and Policy, Email Terms and ConditionsEmail Terms and ConditionsTicketsSeason TicketsSeasonal HospitalityMatch By Match HospitalityCompetitionsLeicester Tigers Ground RegulationsJunior Tigers ClubRugby CampsBig BootVIP GIFTMembershipEmail Terms and ConditionsThe files and any attachments in an email are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received an email in error please notify the System Manager either by email at administra[email protected] or by telephone on 0116 217 1282. If you have received an email in error then any form of use, dissemination, forwarding, printing, copying, disclosure, reproduction, modification or publication of the email or any attachments is prohibited. Please delete the email and any attachments from your system.Please note that any views or opinions presented in the email and any attachments are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Leicester Football Club Plc ("Leicester Tigers"), which expression includes all companies in the same group as Leicester Football Club Plc or its officers. No contracts may be concluded on behalf of the company by means of email communications.(Please note that the Company may monitor emails for security and business purposes. By continuing to communicate with the Company by email you consent to such monitoring taking place).The recipient should check the email and any attachments for the presence of viruses. The Company accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by the email.This article outlines how this website uses any information about you.Data CollectionYour privacy when visiting our website is important to us. We have therefore developed our privacy policy to explain the type of information we collect, what we do with it, and how you can correct or change the information. Tigers collects two types of information from visitors to our website; 'personal data' and 'aggregated data'.Personal DataPersonal data is collected when you visit our website and provide us with information about yourself when either applying for Tigers membership or booking into a Tigers event online. This includes giving us your name, address and other billing information. We also collect your credit card information to enable us to process online a membership application or an event booking, and which we will then charge to your account.Tigers may place your e-mail address together with any other information you provide on an e-mail contact list. Occasionally, we may send you by e-mail or otherwise, information about the Club, and other activities. You may remove your information from this contacts list at any time simply by sending an e-mail to [email protected]Aggregated DataAggregated data is collected to provide information on traffic patterns on the Tigers website, including how many visitors log into www.leicestertigers.co.uk daily, system administration and to measure the success of specific areas within our website. Tigers collect aggregated data through various methods, including storing IP addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web. Web servers (the computers that "serve up" web pages) automatically identify your computer by its IP address, and when you request a page from www.leicestertigers.com, our servers log your IP address. Tigers never links a visitor's personal details to the IP address attached to the computer the visitor is using. Therefore, although Tigers will log your session using your IP address, you will always remain anonymous to us.SecurityOur secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure transactions. Our SSL encrypts all of your personal information including credit card details. All personal information is stored in our secure databases, and access is strictly controlled and limited to certain individuals within Tigers.CookiesEU Cookie directiveFrom 26 May 2011 a new European Union directive requires us to gain the consent of our users to download cookies on to their machines. There are various methods we could use to gain users consent. For example, we could use pop-ups; prompting users to tick a box to confirm they give permission for us to download cookies on their machine.Alternatively, we could use an online form that all users must complete before using the website. We consider both of these solutions as obtrusive. We want our users find information and services quickly. Therefore, we have taken the decision to promote how we use cookies on our website instead. This will enable users to make an informed decision whether they want to disable this feature.There are links on our terms and conditions and disclaimer pages which are in the footer of every web page pointing to this information.What is a CookieInformation may be sent to your computer in the form of an Internet "cookie" to allow our servers to monitor your requirements. The cookie is stored on your computer. Our server may request that your computer return a cookie to it.These return cookies do not contain any information supplied by you or any personally identifiable information about you. However, we use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart when you are using the Leicester Tigers Store Online.Such measures are necessary to allow Leicester Tigers to measure the usability of the systems, which will help to continually improve user experience of our websites. Your browser software should however enable you to block cookies if you wish to. For more information about cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.orgStrictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.Performance CookiesThese cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.Functionality CookiesThese cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located.These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.Targeting or Advertising CookiesThese cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator's permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.Google AnalyticsLeicester Tigers uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics collects first party cookies, which are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour. This information is sent to Google and is used to evaluate how our website is being used. This enables Leicester Tigers to compile statistical reports. A full list of cookies used by Google Analytics and explanations on how these work are available on the Google code website.Leicester Tigers does not collect (nor allow any third party to collect) personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered with any personally identifying information. We will not link or seek to link an IP address with the identity of a computer user. In short, Google Analytics doesn't identify who you are, but it does track your movements on our websites.How to disable cookiesYou can stop cookies being downloaded on to your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.There is more information about cookies, including how to delete them on the website aboutcookies.org. You may also opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics.ConsentBy using our website you consent to collection and use of any information you provide to us by Leicester Tigers Limited for the purposes described above. If we amend our privacy policy, any changes will be published on this web site. If at any time you wish to update the information which we hold about you, or if you wish to stop receiving information from Leicester Tigers, please contact us.TicketsMatch TicketsTickets are subject to the Rules and Regulations of Leicester Football Club Plc.Tickets are issued on the condition that no resale is effected for more than face value.In the event of postponement, or should a game be rescheduled this ticket will be valid for the rearranged match only. It is the ticket holders responsibility to ascertain the date and kick-off time of the rearranged match. The club will have no further liability whatsoever, including (but not limited to) any indirect or consequential loss or damage, loss of enjoyment or travel costs.Ticket are issued subject to the ground rules and on the condition that Leicester Tigers, its staff or agents will not be liable for any loss, injury or damage howsoever caused to the holder of this ticket save as expressly excluded by the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 and its associated Regulations.Admission cannot be guaranteed if the ticket holder arrives at the ground less than 15 minutes before the advertised kick off time. If admission is refused no money will be refunded.Entry to the ground will be denied to persons carrying alcohol or any drink container according to the Safety at Sports Ground Act 1975. Only alcohol purchased on the premises may be consumed on the premises.Tickets are strictly non transferable and not for re-sale except by authorised agents with explicit permission.Refunds will be considered by Leicester Tigers only if the ticket is returned to the ticket office no less than 7 days prior to the event.The stadium is a totally non smoking stadium, including all bars and concourses. Smoking gates are available allowing exit from the ground. Anyone not complying with this regulation is subject to removal from the ground.Leicester Tigers cannot accept responsibility for a lost match ticket. If you lose your ticket a charge will be made equivalent to the ticket face value.The use of tickets constitutes the acceptance of both these terms and conditions and the Ground Regulations (see below).If on entry to the ground the Safety Officer deems that the ticket holder is unable to access or egress their seating safely or would require support in the event of an emergency, alternative seating will be provided if available. People where mobility is impaired are required to notify the Ticket Office for information on the ticketing policy.Season TicketsGeneral Terms1. By purchasing the season ticket you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Any individual purchasing a season ticket on behalf of a third party shall be deemed to be acting with the consent of such third party to agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions on their behalf.2. By purchasing the season ticket you acknowledge and agree that you are entering a binding agreement on the terms set out in these Terms and Conditions with the Club for the entire period of time covered by the season ticket.3. Season tickets (and, for the avoidance of doubt, all match tickets) are subject to the Rules, Regulations and Bye-Laws of the Rugby Football Union, Premiership Rugby Limited, The European Rugby Cup and Leicester Football Club Plc (the Club) and any other Rules, Regulations and/or Bye-Laws applicable to the Club and/or any matches.4. The season ticket gives the holder the following benefits:a. entry to the Club's home playing venue for:i. 11 regular season Premiership matches;ii. 3 European Cup pool round fixtures;iii. 2 Premiership Rugby Cup pool round fixtures;iv. all Premiership Rugby Shield games involving the Club's academy or development squadsb. Priority booking on terms to be directed by the Club from time to time for:i. European Cup knock-out fixtures;ii. Premiership Rugby Cup knock-out fixtures;iii. away Premiership matches;iv. any internationals being played at the Club's home playing ground; andv. any other matches which the Club notifies from time to time as being subject to this paragraph 4b.vi. England home internationals by way of a ballotc. 10% discount off the retail price of merchandise at the Club's official store on terms to be directed by the Club from time to time. Please note, your season ticket discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers.d. Subject to availability, 10% discount off the room hire fee of certain function rooms at the Club's home playing ground on terms to be directed by the Club from time to time.e. Discount on travel to away matches when travelling with the Club's official travel club on terms to be directed by the Club from time to time.f. Season ticket holders below the age of 16 will be automatically enrolled in our free Junior Tigers Club.g. Any other discounts and/or benefits as directed by the Club from time to time and granted in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.5. The purchase of a season ticket does not guarantee the season ticket holder any tickets other than as set out in paragraph 4a above.6. Season ticket holders will be notified of how to purchase tickets for other matches involving the Club [not referred to in paragraph 4a and 4b above] through the local press, news media and the Club's website. Season ticket holders will not be automatically notified by post.Match Day7. Offenders will be ejected and their season tickets cancelled on terms as set out in these Terms and Conditions if found to be in breach of the Rules, Regulations and Bye-Laws of the home playing ground and/or the Rules, Regulations and Bye-Laws as set out in paragraph 3 above, including for the avoidance of doubt swearing, adopting unruly behaviour or committing acts of racial abuse.8. Season ticket holders are not entitled to re-enter the home playing ground if they leave the home playing ground at any time on a match day, except where the Club expressly approves such re-entry. The Club will only give such approval where a season ticket holder had a compelling reason to leave the stadium in the first instance.9. The Club reserves the right to change the venue and kick-off time of any match. It is the season ticket holder's responsibility to ascertain the date and kick-off time of the rearranged match. Any changes to the venue and kick-off time of a match will appear on the Club's website.10. If you forget to bring your season ticket card to any game, you may be required to show identification to a Club official which confirms you are the season ticket holder including proof of address and you will then be issued with a replacement ticket. You will be charged a £5.00 fee per reprinted ticket, this charge is non-refundable.11. If a match is abandoned or postponed for any reason the Club shall have no liability to a season ticket holder. In such an event season ticket holders shall be entitled to attend any corresponding re-arranged match.12. You are advised to enter the ground at least 45 minutes prior to the advertised kick-off time. Please contact a steward if you have any queries on match day.13. In the event of any construction, development works, maintenance, any other works, force majeure or unforeseen circumstances affecting any part of the stadium, the Club reserves the right to require any season ticket holder or guest holding a season ticket in the affected part of the stadium to move to any other part of the stadium and sit or stand in any other place of equivalent value. Should a seat of equivalent value not be available the Club shall use reasonable endeavours to find a seat which corresponds as closely as possible to the season ticket holder's assigned seat.14. The Club may from time to time create images and/or audio-visual video footage of season ticket holders attending the home playing ground. By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions you agree that the Club owns all rights in such images and footage and shall be entitled to use the same for the purpose of: (i) promoting the Club and its commercial partners; (ii) any other commercial activity provided in each case that such use does not harm the reputation of the relevant individual whose image is used.Lost or Stolen Season Tickets15. The Club does not accept responsibility for lost or stolen season tickets. If you lose your card please report it immediately to the police and the Club. A relevant crime number should be quoted in all correspondence with the Club. In such an event the Club shall issue a replacement card, unless the Club reasonably believes the season ticket holder is, or has been, acting in a fraudulent or illegal manner or/in breach of these Terms and Conditions. A charge of £5 will be made for a replacement card.16. If your season ticket card is defaced do not dispose of the remains, contact the Club immediately. A charge of £5 will be made for a replacement card.Cancellation, Refunds and Transfers17. Season tickets cannot be cancelled by the season ticket holder except in exceptional circumstances and any cancellations are entirely at the discretion of the Club. In the event that a cancellation request made by a season ticket holder is approved by the Club then the season ticket holder will be charged a £25.00 cancellation fee and, pursuant to paragraph 2 above, the full value of the season ticket (if not paid for in full at the start of the season) which shall become immediately due and payable upon cancellation.18. The Club reserves the right at its absolute discretion:a. to withdraw and/or cancel the season ticket for a period of time/completely if the season ticket holder is found to be: (i) in breach of these Terms and Conditions (ii) in breach of the Rules, Regulations and Bye-Laws referred to in 1 above; (iii) in breach of the Rules, Regulations and Bye-Laws, including the relevant ground regulations, of the home playing ground or any other ground at which the Club is playing a match; or (iv) the season ticket holder is banned (whether by law or otherwise) from attending any rugby ground including the home playing ground; andb. to withdraw and/or cancel the season ticket for a period of time/completely if the holder has not paid in full on or before the agreed payment date as agreed in the payment terms, and to require immediate payment at the publicised gate prices for all games attended using the season ticket prior to the date of withdrawal and/or cancellation.19. Tickets cannot be exchanged and no refunds will be made in respect of any unused tickets.20. Season tickets are strictly non-transferable and the holder is not permitted to re-sell any of the games contained therein unless authorised by the Club.21. In the event that the payment of a season ticket is by way of direct debit or any other instalment method the season ticket holder must keep the Club informed of any changes to the bank account or payment card details provided when they purchased the season ticket.22. The Club reserves the right to cancel the season ticket in the event that: (i) the Club uses the payment card details provided by the season ticket holder at the time of purchase to process any payment due for the season ticket and a card or payment is declined on two or more occasions during the course of a season; (ii) there is an arrears of payment in respect of the season ticket and this has not been remedied by the season ticket holder within a reasonable period of time as directed by the Club; or (iii) there is any breach of these Terms and Conditions. Upon Cancellation, the season ticket holder will be charged a £25.00 cancellation fee and will be required to settle the full value of the season ticket (if not paid for in full at the start of the season) which shall become immediately due and payable upon cancellation.23. In addition to the right to cancel contained in paragraph 22 above, in the event that there exists an arrears of payment on the season ticket requiring the Club to take any action to seek and demand such payment, the Club shall be entitled to charge the season ticket holder a reasonable administration charge (the amount of which to be at the Club's discretion) to cover the administration costs incurred by the Club in taking such action. With regard to those season ticket holders participating in the direct debit scheme, a charge of £10.00 may be made for each failed direct debit payment.24. Those season ticket holders paying for their season ticket (or the season tickets of other persons) by way of direct debit shall have the season ticket(s) in question automatically renewed each season (in accordance with the relevant Terms and Conditions at that time in force) before the first deadline for renewal. The season ticket holder will be sent a renewal notice including a cancellation form at least 10 working days before the renewal is processed. The cancellation form should be completed and returned to the Club within the stated deadline in the event that the season ticket holder wishes to cancel the automatically renewed season ticket(s).Additional Terms25. The Club reserves the right to amend the conditions from time to time in order to comply with competition regulations and/or any Rules, Regulations and/or Bye-Laws as set out in paragraph 1. The conditions apply only to the competitions in which the Club participates at the time of issue.26. The unauthorised sale or disposal of tickets is a criminal offence under section 166 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, as amended by the Violent Crime Reduction Act 2006. If a season ticket holder is convicted of a criminal offence related to the illegal sale of match tickets, or the Club reasonably suspects that they have committed such an offence, then: (i) the Club may notify the police or Rugby Football Union; and/or (ii) this shall be deemed a breach of these Terms and Conditions and the season ticket shall be cancelled on terms as set out in these Terms and Conditions.27. The Club or its servants or agents is not liable for any loss, theft, injury or damage to any property of the season ticket holder whilst in or at the home playing ground. Nothing in this paragraph shall exclude the Club's liability in circumstances where such loss, theft, damage or injury is as a result of negligence on behalf of the Club.28. If you claim that the Club has acted negligently or breached these Terms and Conditions, the Club shall only be liable for any loss, damage, cost or other expense you incur, or in respect of death or personal injury suffered, that is a foreseeable and direct consequence of the claimed negligence or breach.29. The Club shall not be liable to a season ticket holder in respect of any failure to carry out or delay in carrying out any of the Club's obligations under these Terms and Conditions, including: (i) admitting a season ticket holder to the home playing ground for a particular match; or (ii) making a season ticket holder's usual or allocated seat available to them for a particular match, which is caused by circumstances outside its reasonable control.30. The Club shall not have any liability to a season ticket holder for any late delivery or non-delivery of any season ticket or other material which is as a result of the actions of any postal service provider.31. The Club shall at any time be entitled to assign, transfer or novate the benefit and/or burden of (and any right or obligation of the Club under) these Terms and Conditions to any of its group companies.32. If any of these Terms and Conditions are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, they shall, to that extent, be severed from the remaining Terms and Conditions which shall continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws.33. These Terms and Conditions comprise the entire agreement between the Club and a season ticket holder in relation to the purchase of a season ticket and any use of such season ticket.34. The failure by the Club to exercise or a delay by the Club in exercising a right or remedy provided by these Terms and Conditions does not constitute a waiver of the right or remedy or a waiver of other rights or remedies. A waiver of a breach of any of these Terms and Conditions does not constitute a waiver of any other breach and shall not affect the other Terms and Conditions.35. These terms and conditions shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.Seasonal Hospitality1. DefinitionsThe following expressions in these Terms and Conditions shall mean respectively:"Contract" means the Booking Confirmation andinvoice for the provision of the Services and these Terms and Conditions."LT" means Leicester Football Club Plc."Services" means the services detailed on the Booking Confirmation."the Client or You" means the contracting party whose details are entered on the Booking Confirmationfor whom LT has agreed to provide the Services."the Premises" means LT's premises at Welford Road, Leicester, or any other premises at which the Services are provided."Price" means the sum set out on the Booking Confirmation and on the invoice to be payable by the Client.2. Supply of the Services(i) LT shall provide the Services to the Client subject to these Terms and Conditions but shall reserve the right at its sole discretion to reject any order or booking for the provision of the Services until the point of delivery.The Contract constitutes the entire agreement between LT and the Client for the provision of the Services. The Client agrees that it has not relied on any statement, promise, representation made or given by or on behalf of LT which is not set out in the Contract.Any terms and conditions supplied by the Client at any time are not binding on LT, including where supplied to LT after the date on which the Client receives a copy of these Terms and Conditions and neither shall any terms or conditions implied by trade, custom, practice or course of dealing prevail over these Terms and Conditions.If there is any inconsistency between any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions and the Booking Confirmation, the provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall prevail.By Confirming Your booking in accordance with the Booking Confirmation, You agree that You have entered into a fully binding agreement and are legally bound to pay the Price to LT and that You shall not be entitled to cancel Your booking.(ii) LT reserves the right to vary if necessary the Services including any seating and facilities to be provided (including in the event of any construction, development works, maintenance, any other works, force majeure or unforeseen circumstances affecting the Premises) in which case LT will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the alternative seating, facilities or services provided are of a comparable standard and quality to those originally intended.(iii) Subject to subsection (ii) of this clause, no variation to the terms of the Contract may be made without the written agreement of both parties.(iv) LT cannot guarantee that rugby matches will be played as scheduled. A match/matches may be either cancelled or rearranged due to factors which are outside LT's control such as weather conditions or TV rescheduling. If a match is cancelled, rescheduled or rearranged then LT's only liability to You is detailed below:1.where a match is rearranged for another date, You will be entitled to the same product for the rearranged match;2.if a match starts but is abandoned then no refund will be given, save thatYou shall be offered the same product for the rearranged match (if such match is rearranged); and3.for the avoidance of doubt, the Client shall not be entitled to a refund of the Price in any circumstances.(v) LTmay from time to time create images and/or audio-visual video footage which may include the Client, his/her/its guests and/or employees (if applicable)in attendance at the Premises. By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, the Client agrees that LTowns all rights in such images and footage and shall be entitled to use the same for the purpose of: (i) promoting LT and its commercial partners; and (ii) any other LTcommercial activity.(vi)The Client is not entitled to re-enter the Premises if he/she leaves the Premises at any time on a match day, except where LTexpressly approves such re-entry. LTwill only give such approval where a Client had a compelling reason to leave the Premises in the first instance.3. Payment(i) The Price is to be paid to LTin accordance with the invoice sentto the Client following receipt by LT of the Client's completed Booking Confirmation, in accordance with the Booking Confirmation. If full payment is not madein accordance with the Booking Confirmation, LT may (but shall not be obliged to) cancel the booking. If the booking is cancelled in such circumstances, the Client will be liable to LT for the full Price detailed on the Booking Confirmationand in the invoice.(ii) LT reserves the right to pass on to the Client any priceincreases caused by any increase in the rate of VAT and/orthe introduction of any new tax on the goods and/orservices to be provided to the Client.(iii) The Price payable by the Client will be as agreed on the Booking Confirmation(and as set out in the invoice) whether or not thenumbers of persons attending the event are lower thanthose agreed.4. Obligations of the Client(i) The Client will, and will ensure that its servants, agentsand invitees will:-(a) Refrain from damaging, altering or removing any of thefittings, furnishings or equipment at the Premises, and inthe event of any such damage, alteration or removal theClient will pay to LTwithin 7 days of receipt of an invoice from LTthe full cost of reinstating, repairing orreplacing any such damage, alteration or removal;(b) Comply with:-1. such statutes and regulations governing the use of thePremises, whether made by Central or Local Governmentor a licensing authority or otherwise including but notlimited to the Sporting Events (Control of Alcohol) Act1985 (as may be amended from time to time);2. such reasonable regulations as LT, or the owners forany other premises at which the Services are provided,may from time to time make governing the use ofpremises provided that such regulations are available forinspection by the Client; and3. the Rules, Regulations and By-Laws of the Rugby Football Union,Premier Rugby Limited, The International Rugby Board, European Professional Club Rugby and LT and any other Rules, Regulations and By-Laws applicable to LT and/or any match.(c) Refrain from swearing, spitting, adopting unrulybehaviour, committing acts of racial abuse.(d) Refrain from at any time bringing any food orbeverages on to the Premises.(e) Use the Premises at all times in a proper and lawfulmanner and not so as to cause nuisance, annoyance orinconvenience to any person.(ii) The Client shall be responsible for the behaviour of itsguests at the Premises and shall indemnify LT, and the owners of anyother premises at which the Services are provided, againstany loss or damage suffered by such owners or by LT andcaused by the Client or any of its guests.(iii) Any person who behaves in contravention of the termsof this clause and/or in contravention of the Rules, Regulations and By-Laws as set out in paragraph 4(i)(b).3 above may be ejected from the Premises and LT shall have no liability whatsoever to the Client in such case.(iv) The Client shall not assign the Contract or its rightshereunder or grant any rights whatsoever by way of subagreement,licence or otherwise to any other person inrespect of the subject matter of the Contract without thewritten agreement of LT. Neither shall the Client resell the Services or any part of them through any medium whatsoever. For the avoidance of doubt, the Services are for use solely by the Client, his/her/its guests and/or employees if applicable.5. Limitation of Liability(i) Force MajeureExcept for any event of force majeure arising in respect of paragraphs 2(ii) and 2(iv) in which case the provisions of paragraphs 2(ii) and 2(iv) apply respectively, in the event of LT being prevented or delayed at any timefrom performing any of its obligations hereunder byreason of any act, event, accident or other happeningbeyond the control of LT or which cannot be overcome bymeans normally employed in performance and atcomparable expense, including, without prejudice to thegenerality of the foregoing, strikes, lockouts, industrialdisputes, riots, wars, civil disturbance, fire, explosions,storms, power failure, governmental or local authority orrugby authority regulations and requirements, loss ofliquor licence and difficulties relating to venues, then andin such event any such failure or delay in performanceshall not be deemed to constitute a breach of theobligations of LT but performance of such obligationsshall be suspended during the continued existence ofsuch act, event, accident or happening as aforesaid andall rights of LT at the time for performance shall beextended for a period equal to the aggregate of:-(a) the period of periods of continued existence of suchact, event, accident or happening and(b) such further period (if any) as LT in its sole discretionreasonably consider is required, due to repairs,maintenance rebuilding, delays in transportation,shortage of manpower or materials or other cause directlyoccasioned by, or attributable to such act, event accidentor happening.(ii) In the event that a situation of force majeurepermanently prevents LT from performing itsobligation under this Contract,LT shall be entitledforthwith to terminate this Contract by notice in writingto the Client without prejudice to the rights andobligations of the parties hereto accruing up to andincluding the date of termination.(iii) LT or its servants or agents shall not be liable for any loss, theft, injury or damage to any property of the Client whilst in or at the Premises. Nothing in this paragraph shall exclude LT's liability in circumstances where such loss, theft, damage or injury is as a result of negligence by LT.(iv) LTshall not have any liability to theClient for any late delivery or non-delivery of the Services or for any tickets or other material to be provided to the Client in respect of the Services which is as a result of the actions of any postal service provider or other third party service provider to LT.(v) Except in respect of death or personal injury caused byLT's negligence, LT shall not be liable to the Client byreason of any representation (unless fraudulent), or anyimplied warranty, condition or other term, or any duty atcommon law, or under the express terms of the Contract,for any loss of profit or any indirect, special orconsequential loss, damage, costs, expenses or otherclaims (whether caused by the negligence of LT, itsservants or agents or otherwise) which arise out of or inconnection with the provision of the Services or their useby the Client, and the entire liability of LT under or inconnection with the Contract shall not exceed the Price paid by the Client for the provision of the Services except asexpressly provided in these Terms and Conditions.6. Termination(i) Without prejudice to any other rights accrued to LT,LT shall be entitled forthwith to terminate the Contract bynotice in writing to the Client if:-(a) the Client is in material breach of any of its obligationsunder the Contract;(b) the Client whilst insolvent compounds or purposes orenters into any reorganisation or other specialarrangement with its creditors or is unable to pay its debtswithin the meaning of s.123 of the Insolvency Act 1986;(c) an encumbrancer lawfully takes possession (and doesnot relinquish possession within 30 days) or anadministrative receiver or receiver is validly appointedover the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking,property or assets of the Client or any administrationorder is made in respect of the Client;(d) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed orany analogous proceedings are taken for the winding upof the Client other than a members voluntary liquidationsolely for the purpose of amalgamation or reconstructionon terms previously approved in writing by LT;(e) any of the matters referred to in paragraphs (b), (c) and(d) above occurs in relation to any holding company forthe time being of the Client.(ii) In the event that LT terminates the Contract inreliance upon any clauses (i) (a) to (e) above and subjectto clause 3 above, LT shall not be under any liability torefund any part of the Price paid and following suchtermination LT shall be at liberty to supply the Servicesto any other person.7. NoticesAny communication may be served by LT upon the Clientby sending it through the post in a pre-paid envelopeaddressed to the Client at the address which appears onthe Booking Confirmationor by email to the Client's email address which appears on the Booking Confirmation. Any communication that requires tobe served upon LT may be served by sending it throughthe post in a pre-paid envelope addressed to LT at itsregistered office or by email to LT at the email address which appears on the Booking Confirmation. Any communication served by post shallbe deemed to have been served at the expiration of 48hours after it is posted and, in providing such service, itshall be sufficient to prove that the envelope containingthe communication was properly addressed and posted. Any communication served by email shall be deemed to have been served on the day of sending provided that the sender did not receive any notice of non-delivery and the email was correctly addressed.8. WaiverThe rights and remedies of the parties under the Contractwill not be diminished or extinguished by the granting ofany indulgence, forbearance or extension of time by any ofthem nor by the failure of or delay by any of them inasserting any such rights or remedies.9. InvalidityIf at any time any one or more of the provisions hereof isor becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respectunder any law, the validity, legality and enforceability ofthe remaining provisions hereof shall not be in any wayaffected or impaired thereby.10. Outside ServicesPrior consent of LT must be sought for any entertainmentor services which the Client wishes to provide on thePremises for the benefit of itself, its servants, agents orinvitees.11. Governing Law and Submission to JurisdictionThis Contract shall be subject to English Law and theparties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of theEnglish Courts.12. General(i) LTreserves the right to amend these Terms and Conditions from time to time including in order to comply with competition regulations and/or any Rules, Regulations and/or By-Laws as set out in paragraph 4(i)(b).(ii) The unauthorised sale or disposal of tickets is a criminal offence under section 166 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, as amended by the Violent Crime reduction Act 2006. If theClient is convicted of a criminal offence relating to the illegal sale of match tickets, or LTreasonably suspects that he/she has committed such an offence, then: (i) LTmay notify the police or The Rugby Football Union; and/or (ii) this shall be deemed a breach of these Terms and Conditions.(iii) LTshall at any time be entitled to assign, transfer or novate the benefit and/or burden of (and any right or obligation of LT)under these Terms and Conditions to any of its group companies.(iv) Thepurchase of the Services grants the Client the right to enter the Premises for the purposes of the Services only and does not grant the Client exclusive possession of the Premises or create a tenancy of any kind.(v)The failure by LTto exercise or a delay by LTin exercising a right or remedy provided by the Contract does not constitute a waiver of the right or remedy or a waiver of other rights or remedies. A waiver of a breach of any of the terms of the Contract does not constitute a waiver of any other breach and shall not affect the other terms of the Contract.(vi) No person who is not a party to the Contract shall have any rights under the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to rely or enforce any term of the Contract.Match By Match Hospitality1. DefinitionsThe following expressions in these Terms and Conditions shall mean respectively:"Contract" means the Booking Confirmation andinvoice for the provision of the Services and these Terms and Conditions."LT" means Leicester Football Club Plc."Services" means the services detailed on the Booking Confirmation."the Client or You" means the contracting party whose details are entered on the Booking Confirmationfor whom LT has agreed to provide the Services."the Premises" means LT's premises at Welford Road, Leicester, or any other premises at which the Services are provided."Price" means the sum set out on the Booking Confirmation and on the invoice to be payable by the Client.2. Supply of the Services(i) LT shall provide the Services to the Client subject to these Terms and Conditions but shall reserve the right at its sole discretion to reject any order or booking for the provision of the Services.The Contract constitutes the entire agreement between LT and the Client for the provision of the Services. The Client agrees that it has not relied on any statement, promise, representation made or given by or on behalf of LT which is not set out in the Contract.Any terms and conditions supplied by the Client at any time are not binding on LT, including where supplied to LT after the date on which the Client receives a copy of these Terms and Conditions and neither shall any terms or conditions implied by trade, custom, practice or course of dealing prevail over these Terms and Conditions.If there is any inconsistency between any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions and the Booking Confirmation, the provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall prevail.By Confirming Your booking in accordance with the Booking Confirmation, You agree that You have entered into a fully binding agreement and are legally bound to pay the Price to LT and that You shall not be entitled to cancel Your booking except as set out in paragraph 2(iv).1 below.(ii) LT reserves the right to vary if necessary the Services including any seating and facilities to be provided (including in the event of any construction, development works, maintenance, any other works, force majeure or unforeseen circumstances affecting the Premises) in which case LT will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the alternative seating, facilities or services provided are of a comparable standard and quality to those originally intended.(iii) Subject to subsection (ii) of this clause, no variation to the terms of the Contract may be made without the written agreement of both parties.(iv) LT cannot guarantee that rugby matches will be played as scheduled. The match may be either cancelled or rearranged due to factors which are outside LT's control such as weather conditions or TV rescheduling. If the match is cancelled, rescheduled or rearranged then LT's only liability to You is detailed below:1. where a match for which You have made a booking in accordance with the Booking Confirmationis rearranged for another date, You will be entitled to: (a) the same product for the rearranged match (if such match is rearranged); or (b) a full refund of the Price if You cancel in writing within 7 days of being notified of the change of date by LT;2. if a match starts but is abandoned then no refund will be given and You shall not be offered the same product for any rearranged date and subject to paragraph 5(v), LT shall have no liability to You; and3.for the avoidance of doubt, the Client shall not be entitled to cancel or to transfer the Services to another date or to a refund of the Price other than as set out at paragraph 2(iv).1 above.(v) LTmay from time to time create images and/or audio-visual video footage which may include the Client, his/her/its guests and/or employees (if applicable)in attendance at the Premises. By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, the Client agrees that LTowns all rights in such images and footage and shall be entitled to use the same for the purpose of: (i) promoting LT and its commercial partners; and (ii) any other LTcommercial activity.(vi)The Client is not entitled to re-enter the Premises if he/she leaves the Premises at any time on a match day, except where LTexpressly approves such re-entry. LTwill only give such approval where a Client had a compelling reason to leave the Premises in the first instance.3. Payment(i) The Price is to be paid to LTin accordance with the invoice sentto the Client following receipt by LT of the Client's completed Booking Confirmation, in accordance with the Booking Confirmation. If full payment is not madein accordance with the Booking Confirmation, LT may (but shall not be obliged to) cancel the booking. If the booking is cancelled in such circumstances, the Client will be liable to LT for the full Price detailed on the Booking Confirmationand in the invoice.(ii) LT reserves the right to pass on to the Client any priceincreases caused by any increase in the rate of VAT and/orthe introduction of any new tax on the goods and/orservices to be provided to the Client.(iii) The Price payable by the Client will be as agreed on the Booking Confirmation(and as set out in the invoice) whether or not thenumbers of persons attending the event are lower thanthose agreed.4. Obligations of the Client(i) The Client will, and will ensure that its servants, agentsand invitees will:-(a) Refrain from damaging, altering or removing any of thefittings, furnishings or equipment at the Premises, and inthe event of any such damage, alteration or removal theClient will pay to LTwithin 7 days of receipt of an invoice from LTthe full cost of reinstating, repairing orreplacing any such damage, alteration or removal;(b) Comply with:-1. such statutes and regulations governing the use of thePremises, whether made by Central or Local Governmentor a licensing authority or otherwise including but notlimited to the Sporting Events (Control of Alcohol) Act1985 (as may be amended from time to time);2. such reasonable regulations as LT, or the owners forany other premises at which the Services are provided,may from time to time make governing the use ofpremises provided that such regulations are available forinspection by the Client; and3. the Rules, Regulations and By-Laws of the Rugby Football Union,Premier Rugby Limited, The International Rugby Board, European Professional Club Rugby and LT and any other Rules, Regulations and By-Laws applicable to LT and/or any match.(c) Refrain from swearing, spitting, adopting unrulybehaviour, committing acts of racial abuse.(d) Refrain from at any time bringing any food orbeverages on to the Premises.(e) Use the Premises at all times in a proper and lawfulmanner and not so as to cause nuisance, annoyance orinconvenience to any person.(ii) The Client shall be responsible for the behaviour of itsguests at the Premises and shall indemnify LT, and the owners of anyother premises at which the Services are provided, againstany loss or damage suffered by such owners or by LT andcaused by the Client or any of its guests.(iii) Any person who behaves in contravention of the termsof this clause and/or in contravention of the Rules, Regulations and By-Laws as set out in paragraph 4(i)(b).3 above may be ejected from the Premises and LT shall have no liability whatsoever to the Client in such case.(iv) The Client shall not assign the Contract or its rightshereunder or grant any rights whatsoever by way of subagreement,licence or otherwise to any other person inrespect of the subject matter of the Contract without thewritten agreement of LT. Neither shall the Client resell the Services or any part of them through any medium whatsoever. For the avoidance of doubt, the Services are for use solely by the Client, his/her/its guests and/or employees if applicable.5. Limitation of Liability(i) Force MajeureExcept for any event of force majeure arising in respect of paragraphs 2(ii) and 2(iv) in which case the provisions of paragraphs 2(ii) and 2(iv) apply respectively, in the event of LT being prevented or delayed at any timefrom performing any of its obligations hereunder byreason of any act, event, accident or other happeningbeyond the control of LT or which cannot be overcome bymeans normally employed in performance and atcomparable expense, including, without prejudice to thegenerality of the foregoing, strikes, lockouts, industrialdisputes, riots, wars, civil disturbance, fire, explosions,storms, power failure, governmental or local authority orrugby authority regulations and requirements, loss ofliquor licence and difficulties relating to venues, then andin such event any such failure or delay in performanceshall not be deemed to constitute a breach of theobligations of LT but performance of such obligationsshall be suspended during the continued existence ofsuch act, event, accident or happening as aforesaid andall rights of LT at the time for performance shall beextended for a period equal to the aggregate of:-(a) the period of periods of continued existence of suchact, event, accident or happening and(b) such further period (if any) as LT in its sole discretionreasonably consider is required, due to repairs,maintenance rebuilding, delays in transportation,shortage of manpower or materials or other cause directlyoccasioned by, or attributable to such act, event accidentor happening.(ii) In the event that a situation of force majeurepermanently prevents LT from performing itsobligation under this Contract,LT shall be entitledforthwith to terminate this Contract by notice in writingto the Client without prejudice to the rights andobligations of the parties hereto accruing up to andincluding the date of termination.(iii) LT or its servants or agents shall not be liable for any loss, theft, injury or damage to any property of the Client whilst in or at the Premises. Nothing in this paragraph shall exclude LT's liability in circumstances where such loss, theft, damage or injury is as a result of negligence by LT.(iv) LTshall not have any liability to theClient for any late delivery or non-delivery of the Services or for any tickets or other material to be provided to the Client in respect of the Services which is as a result of the actions of any postal service provider or other third party service provider to LT.(v) Except in respect of death or personal injury caused byLT's negligence, LT shall not be liable to the Client byreason of any representation (unless fraudulent), or anyimplied warranty, condition or other term, or any duty atcommon law, or under the express terms of the Contract,for any loss of profit or any indirect, special orconsequential loss, damage, costs, expenses or otherclaims (whether caused by the negligence of LT, itsservants or agents or otherwise) which arise out of or inconnection with the provision of the Services or their useby the Client, and the entire liability of LT under or inconnection with the Contract shall not exceed the Price paid by the Client for the provision of the Services except asexpressly provided in these Terms and Conditions.6. Termination(i) Without prejudice to any other rights accrued to LT,LT shall be entitled forthwith to terminate the Contract bynotice in writing to the Client if:-(a) the Client is in material breach of any of its obligationsunder the Contract;(b) the Client whilst insolvent compounds or purposes orenters into any reorganisation or other specialarrangement with its creditors or is unable to pay its debtswithin the meaning of s.123 of the Insolvency Act 1986;(c) an encumbrancer lawfully takes possession (and doesnot relinquish possession within 30 days) or anadministrative receiver or receiver is validly appointedover the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking,property or assets of the Client or any administrationorder is made in respect of the Client;(d) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed orany analogous proceedings are taken for the winding upof the Client other than a members voluntary liquidationsolely for the purpose of amalgamation or reconstructionon terms previously approved in writing by LT;(e) any of the matters referred to in paragraphs (b), (c) and(d) above occurs in relation to any holding company forthe time being of the Client.(ii) In the event that LT terminates the Contract inreliance upon any clauses (i) (a) to (e) above and subjectto clause 3 above, LT shall not be under any liability torefund any part of the Price paid and following suchtermination LT shall be at liberty to supply the Servicesto any other person.7. NoticesAny communication may be served by LT upon the Clientby sending it through the post in a pre-paid envelopeaddressed to the Client at the address which appears onthe Booking Confirmationor by email to the Client's email address which appears on the Booking Confirmation. Any communication that requires tobe served upon LT may be served by sending it throughthe post in a pre-paid envelope addressed to LT at itsregistered office or by email to LT at the email address which appears on the Booking Confirmation. Any communication served by post shallbe deemed to have been served at the expiration of 48hours after it is posted and, in providing such service, itshall be sufficient to prove that the envelope containingthe communication was properly addressed and posted. Any communication served by email shall be deemed to have been served on the day of sending provided that the sender did not receive any notice of non-delivery and the email was correctly addressed.8. WaiverThe rights and remedies of the parties under the Contractwill not be diminished or extinguished by the granting ofany indulgence, forbearance or extension of time by any ofthem nor by the failure of or delay by any of them inasserting any such rights or remedies.9. InvalidityIf at any time any one or more of the provisions hereof isor becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respectunder any law, the validity, legality and enforceability ofthe remaining provisions hereof shall not be in any wayaffected or impaired thereby.10. Outside ServicesPrior consent of LT must be sought for any entertainmentor services which the Client wishes to provide on thePremises for the benefit of itself, its servants, agents orinvitees.11. Governing Law and Submission to JurisdictionThis Contract shall be subject to English Law and theparties hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of theEnglish Courts.12. General(i) LTreserves the right to amend these Terms and Conditions from time to time including in order to comply with competition regulations and/or any Rules, Regulations and/or By-Laws as set out in paragraph 4(i)(b).(ii) The unauthorised sale or disposal of tickets is a criminal offence under section 166 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, as amended by the Violent Crime reduction Act 2006. If theClient is convicted of a criminal offence relating to the illegal sale of match tickets, or LTreasonably suspects that he/she has committed such an offence, then: (i) LTmay notify the police or The Rugby Football Union; and/or (ii) this shall be deemed a breach of these Terms and Conditions.(iii) LTshall at any time be entitled to assign, transfer or novate the benefit and/or burden of (and any right or obligation of LT)under these Terms and Conditions to any of its group companies.(iv) Thepurchase of the Services grants the Client the right to enter the Premises for the purposes of the Services only and does not grant the Client exclusive possession of the Premises or create a tenancy of any kind.(v)The failure by LTto exercise or a delay by LTin exercising a right or remedy provided by the Contract does not constitute a waiver of the right or remedy or a waiver of other rights or remedies. A waiver of a breach of any of the terms of the Contract does not constitute a waiver of any other breach and shall not affect the other terms of the Contract.(vi) No person who is not a party to the Contract shall have any rights under the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to rely or enforce any term of the Contract.13. Tigers Business MembershipAs part of the Contract, the Client will become a Tigers Business Member and therefore entitled to the following benefits:(a) Invitation to Business Club events*(b) Up to four complimentary tickets to a selected match during the season*(c) Business e-newsletter(d) Priority to booking periods for all home matches prior to general sale(e) Listed as Tigers Business Member on LT website(f) Special offer on Club events*(g) Opportunity to purchase International tickets**Subject to availabilityLT reserves the right to amend these benefits at any time. The Client may be required to pay for access to certain benefits.Competitions1. To enter a competition you must be: (a) UK resident; and (b) 16 years old or over at the time of entry.2. Competitions are not open to employees (or members of their immediate families) of Leicester Tigers plc.3. Only one entry per person.4. If you want to enter a competition you may enter via the website on the applicable competition page.5. The winner will be the entrant who answers the question(s) correctly and in the event that more than one person answers the question(s) correctly a winner will be selected randomly.6. The closing date is as specified in each competition, and Leicester Tigers reserves the right to amend the competition end date at any time.7. If you win a competition, we will notify you by e-mail or telephone. The judges' decision will be final, and no correspondence will be entered into.8. You can find out who has won a particular competition by sending an email to [email protected], although we will endeavour to email the results of the competition to all entrants.9. By entering the competition the winner agrees to participate in such promotional activity and material as Leicester Tigers may require.10. The judges for each competition will be comprised of members of the marketing or communications team of Leicester Tigers.11. The prize will not be transferable to another person.12. No part of a prize is exchangeable for cash or any other prize.13. If an advertised prize is not available, we reserve the right to offer an alternative prize of equal or greater value.14. Incorrectly completed entries will be disqualified.15. This competition is being run by Leicester Tigers, Aylestone Road, Leicester, LE2 7TR.16. Please read our Privacy Policy above which tells you how we use any personal information we may collect about you by entering a competition.17. Leicester Tigers reserves the right to amend these rules at any time. Leicester Tigers may also create rules which will apply to a specific competition only. If we do this we will publish the amended competition rules and/or specific competition rules on the relevant competition page.18. Leicester Tigers will endeavour to send prizes within a month of the competition end date but cannot guarantee this delivery time.Leicester Tigers Ground Regulations1. Leicester Tigers reserves the right, at its discretion, to refuse entrance to the ground to anyone2. Leicester Tigers reserves the right for its staff, authorised agents, and the police to remove from the ground anyone who does not comply with these regulations, or whose presence within the ground constitutes a source of danger, nuisance or annoyance to any other person3. Leicester Tigers reserves the right to refuse admission to any person who refuses to be searched by a police officer, staff member or authorised agent having reasonable grounds to make the request4. Persons failing to comply with instructions from stewards, police officers or other authorized agents of the club will be ejected from the ground5. Any person throwing an object within the ground or found damaging or defacing the property of the club will be ejected from the ground and may be prosecuted6. Any person using foul, abusive, racist and/or homophobic language towards anyone in the ground will be ejected from the ground and may be prosecuted7. The obstruction of gangways, access ways, exits and entrances, and standing whilst play is in progress, is strictly forbidden. Anyone who contravenes this regulation may be ejected from the ground8. In order to comply with the Justices License issued to the club, all alcoholic beverages bought from any bar within the ground can only be taken outside the bar areas if the drink is in a plastic container. Under no circumstances can any such drink be taken from the ground9. No alcoholic drink bought outside the ground can be brought into the ground10. With the exception of persons authorised by Leicester Tigers, the taking of photographs or the use of video equipment inside the ground can be used but for personal use only. In addition, no recording for radio, television or for other private purpose, whether for transmission or otherwise, is permitted apart from those with written authorisation from the club11. This stadium is a totally non-smoking stadium, including all bars and concourses. All smoking devices are prohibited including electronic smoking devices such as electronic cigarettes and nicotine inhalers. Smoking gates are available allowing exit from the ground. Anyone not complying with this regulation is subject to removal from the ground at the discretion of the club12. Fireworks, air horns, megaphones, flares, drinking glasses, cans or any article which may be used as a weapon or a missile must not be brought within the ground13. Only persons authorised by the clubs officers are permitted to take any collection or offer for sale any newspaper or other article within the ground14. The club reserves the right to change the date and/or time of its advertised fixtures without notice or liability15. In the event of a match being abandoned, any ticket replacement will be at the sole discretion of the club management16. All persons entering the ground are admitted subject to the above ground regulations. Entry to the ground shall be deemed to constitute unqualified acceptance of all these regulations. Any person failing to comply with each and every one of these regulations may be ejected from the ground17. If on entry to the ground the Safety Officer deems that the ticket holder is unable to access or egress their seating or would require support in the event of an emergency, alternative seating will be provided if available. People where mobility is impaired are required to notify the Ticket Office for information on the ticketing policy18. Any unauthorised incursion onto the field of play will result in ejection from the ground and possible prosecution.19. Bags that cannot be stored under your seat are not permitted in the groundJunior Tigers Club - Terms and ConditionsWelcome to the Junior Tiger Club (JTC) of Leicester Football Club (the "Club"). This website, and club is owned and operated by the Club. Please take a moment to read these Terms of Use. References to "we", "us" and "our" in these Terms of Use are references to the Club.A binding contract will be formed on the basis of these Terms of Use between you, as parent, and the Club upon confirmation by us of our acceptance of the JTC membership form you submitted.IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR GUARDIAN AND YOU GIVE CONSENT TO YOUR CHILD'S REGISTRATION AND MEMBERSHIP WITH JTC, YOU AGREE TO COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS OF USE IN RESPECT OF THE JTC AND YOU ALSO AGREE TO ENSURE THAT YOUR CHILD COMPLIES WITH THESE TERMS OF USE.If you do not accept any of these terms, you should not submit a JTC membership form on behalf of your child.We reserve the right to change the JTC Terms of Use from time to time and yours and your child's continuing acceptance of the JTC Ezines shall be treated as acceptance of such a change. We therefore recommend that you check this section of the JTC Website from time to time and for the duration of your child's membership.Membership informationYou will ensure that the information you provide about you and your child when opening the JTC membership or that you may otherwise submit through the JTC Website is true, factually accurate and current at the time it is submitted. You will inform us promptly if any of your or your child's details or other information submitted needs to be amended or updated.SubmissionsTo the extent that any submissions of material or contributions are allowed through the JTC Website, you will ensure that your child does not post or transmit to or from the JTC Website any material:1. that is threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, seditious, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy or which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to other users of the site; or2. for which your child has not obtained all necessary licences and/or approvals; or3. which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise be contrary to the law of or infringe the rights of any third party, in any country in the world; or4. which is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data).TerminationYou have the right to terminate your child's JTC membership by giving us 14 days written notice. Your request for us to stop sending any of the Club's publications or newsletters to you or your child will automatically terminate your child's JTC membership.Personal data / Privacy PolicyWhat we do with the personal information we collect about you and your childWhen you register for the JTC ezine, we will collect some of your and your child's personal information. We will only use your personal information as you have expressly authorised us and to demonstrate that we have received your consent to register your child's membership with JTC.The only use we make of your child's personal information, that is name, age and email address will be to provide your child with the JTC membership benefits, including:• to provide access to the JTC Website;• to communicate the JTC ezines which may from time to time include the Club's and/or other third party's offers and competitions;• to supply information about competitions and quizzes;• to send e-birthday and Christmas cards;• to respond to any queries or requests your child may have in respect of the JTC Website and its contents;• to monitor, research and assess the use and success of the JTC Website (including, but not limited to traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data) in order to maintain, protect and enhance the services we provide; and• to provide access to any other features or applications of the JTC Website.We do not otherwise use or transfer your child's personal data, nor do we provide it to any third parties.When you register for the Junior Tigers Club, you give your consent for us to take photographs and video of your child within the context of the JTC, particularly on a matchday and JTC events such as the Christmas Party, and for the Club to use the images collected to promote both Leicester Tigers and the JTC in both internal and external advertising and marketing. We will not provide images to any third party, and will only use them for the purposes laid out above.Links to other sitesWhen your child clicks on links from the JTC Website to other third party websites, other sites may open in a new browser window. This Policy does not cover third party sites to which we provide links, nor does it cover advertisers and content partners within our service who may also collect personal information. They may have their own privacy and/or terms of use.If you or your child choose to place or submit personal information on any other publicly accessible page, then this data will not be covered by this Policy.Your rightsYou have the right to request us to stop using your or your child's personal information or to notify us of any inaccuracies. You may also obtain a copy of any personal information which we hold about you or your child.If you wish to exercise any of these rights or if you wish to opt-out of any future processing of your or your child's personal information held by us, then please write to the contact address set out below stating your full name and address and providing any other relevant information. We may require you to verify your identity.Use of the JTC WebsiteIs in accordance with the overall http://www.leicestertigers.com/ terms and conditions found on this page.Additional termsSpecial terms and conditions may apply to particular draws, competition or other items that we make available through the JTC Website from time to time. We will communicate these special terms to you separately. To the extent that any of these Terms of Use conflict with these special terms, the special terms and conditions relating to the draw, competition or offer will take precedence over the Terms of Use.JTC VIP AreaWe endeavour to make the JTC as fun and safe for your children as we possibly can, but children are not to be left unsupervised in the JTC area. Should you choose to leave your child unattended, Leicester Tigers and its staff cannot take responsibility for the safety of your children.Parents/Guardians are required to sign people into the area.To assist with making the area more comfortable for children and adults alike, we ask that only children under 10 are directly supervised in the area, children 10 or over can be observed from the barriers.There may be official photographers in the area. If for any reason you are not happy with your child having their photo taken please let the photographer know at the time.Applicable lawThe JTC Terms and Conditions shall be governed by, and construed exclusively in accordance with, English Law. Any dispute arising under these terms shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.Contacting usIf you have any queries in respect of the JTC Terms and conditions, please contact the Marketing Department, Leicester Football Club Limited, Aylestone Road, Leicester, LE2 7TR telephone number 0116 319 8888 or email [email protected]Rugby Camps Booking ConditionsPayment is regarded by us as the customer's acceptance of the booking conditions. In completing this booking form, you are agreeing that all data provided is true and correct to the best of your knowledge. Receipt of your booking form and payment in full will be followed by our confirmation pack. If the booking cannot be accepted, we shall endeavour to offer you an alternative rugby camp but accept that if this is not suitable we will refund your payment.If you have to cancel your booking you must inform us in writing, immediately. Unless written notification of cancellation is received, a booking will stand. All cancellations will be acknowledged by us and are subject to the following charges:• 56 - 29 days before camp date 30% charge• 28 - 15 days before camp date 45% charge• 14 - 1 day before camp date 60% charge• On, or after commencement 100% chargeIn certain instances it may be necessary to cancel the rugby camp arrangements. You will then be given an option of transferring to another camp, or receive a full refund.We reserve the right to exclude or refuse any person, at any time prior to, or during the rugby camp, if, in our opinion, that person is not compatible with the general enjoyment and objective of the camp. Any costs involved will be at the parent's expense and their responsibility.We do not accept liability for the personal injury, or death of any participant howsoever caused. We do not accept liability for loss or damage to any property belonging, or travelling with a participant. We do not accept any responsibility for losses or additional expense due to sickness, weather, strikes, riots, war, terrorism, quarantine or any other cause.During our rugby camps photographs may be taken of participating players for use in our business activities. All booking form details will be held for the purpose of Leicester Tigers and our business partners only.All details announced are published in good faith. All published itineraries are merely samples and are therefore subject to alteration, according to weather, programme change requirements or other consideration.Big BootBy Signing the DisclaimerYou agree that you will be taking part in the Big Boot Half Time Competition and fully understand the risks and dangers involved.You agree to participate within the rules and guidelines of the competition and accept liability in case of any personal injury or damageYou agree to the use of your images and video in publications post match, both internally and externally.Rules and Guidelines1. CompetitorsThere may be no more than 10 competitors - and no one person may take part more than once a seasonIf any of the 10 competitors are found to be inebriated prior to half time, we reserve the right to deny pitch access and therefore participation without refund.2. Adverse Weather ConditionsIn high winds and wet pitch conditions we will change the angle of ball release, this is deemed to be within competition guidelines, in order to keep competitors safe and make the competition fair.3. Prize FundThe £50 team entry will be added in full to the Big Boot prize fund. Should there be no winner by the close of the season this prize fund will roll over into next season.IndemintyYou agree to indemnify Us, and/or any of Our affiliates and Our agents and their officers, directors and employees, immediately on demand, against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of any breach of these terms and conditions by You or any other liabilities arising out of Your Big Boot Experience.GeneralIf any of these terms and conditions are determined to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the application of any law, such provisions shall be severed and deleted from these terms and conditions and the remainder of these terms and conditions shall continue to have full force and effect.VIP GIFT• The Tigers VIP gift is not a cheque guarantee, credit or charge card.• The Tigers VIP gift is valid for 2 hospitality places in season 2018/19, excluding premium fixtures and subject to availability.• The Tigers VIP gift can only be redeemed for hospitality at Leicester Tigers and cannot be used in the Official Leicester Tigers store, to purchase match tickets or any other Tigers events or experiences.• The Tigers VIP gift must be redeemed at least two weeks before your chosen fixture.• If the Tigers VIP gift is not claimed within the season that it is issued, the gift will automatically expire and cannot be transferred to the following season.• The Tigers VIP gift cannot be redeemed or exchanged for cash.• Refunds will not be given for the purchase of a Tigers VIP gift.• If you have lost your Tigers VIP Gift, we cannot guarantee that it can be replaced. A replacement for a lost VIP Gift will require proof of purchase from the original purchaser.• When purchasing VIP hospitality online, the price will be rounded up to include VAT.• Leicester Tigers reserves the right to amend these Terms & Conditions from time to time, where we consider it reasonable and necessary to do so.Memberships• Leicester Tigers Free E-Membership is only valid once activated through our online portal www.leicestertigers.com/emembership. By activating this membership, you give consent for us to use your personal data. We will collect your personal information to send you the Roar (our digital newsletter), information about any of our offers and promotions as well as club news.• Leicester Tigers Paid Membership - as part of this membership you are entitled to £5 off a match ticket to one game during 2018/19 season and 10% off in the club shop (not in conjunction with any other offer). Opportunity to purchase International match tickets and Priority booking on away tickets are both subject to availability. By activating this membership, you give consent for us to use your personal data. We will collect your personal information to send you the Roar (our digital newsletter), information about any of our offers and promotions as well as club news.• Leicester Tigers reserve the right, at its discretion, to refuse your membership benefits.• Leicester Tigers reserves the right to amend these Terms & Conditions from time to time, where we consider it reasonable and necessary to do so.