
Updated May 2018

Scoilnet.ie respects the rights of its users and is committed to protecting your privacy at all times. This notice describes our privacy policy.

 By visiting Scoilnet.ie, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.

Browsing
For general web browsing within Scoilnet.ie no personal information is revealed to us, although certain statistical information is available to us via our Internet service provider. This information may include the logical address of the server you are using, the top level domain name from which you access the Internet (for example, .ie, .com, etc), the type of browser you are using, the date and time you access our site and the Internet address used to link to our site.Some of the above information is used to create summary statistics, which allow us to assess the number of visitors to our site and to identify what pages are accessed most frequently. We use these statistics to help us make our site more user-friendly.

Scoilnet Account Registration
Where you do provide us with personal information, e.g., your Scoilnet Account registration, we will treat all personal data you provide as confidential. By registering for a Scoilnet Account, you accept the terms and conditions, including those relating to the privacy of your personal data and outlined below for clarity. If you do not agree with these terms, you must not register for a Scoilnet Account.

•    Registration with Scoilnet Accounts is personal and non-transferrable.•    Upon registration, you will be asked to provide personal data about yourself -- you are obliged to provide accurate and complete information about yourself and ensure your personal data is kept up-to-date within Scoilnet Accounts.•    You can modify personal data you have submitted on the Scoilnet Account Management website at any time yourself.•    There is no expiry date for the personal data you submit on our servers. On request (accounts@scoilnet.ie), we will delete your account.•    All personal data saved on our servers is secure. •    We will treat all personal data you provide as confidential and will use it solely for the purpose of authentication and providing access to online services provided by Scoilnet/PDST Technology in Education. The information will only be disclosed as permitted by law or for the purposes listed in our registration with the Data Protection Commissioner (Ref 13590/A).

Newsletter Subscription
If you request to receive our newsletter, we collect a first name and an email address. We process this data for the sole purpose of providing a digital newsletter service - it is not used for any other purpose and is not shared with any third party.

The subscription data is held for as long as necessary to provide the newsletter service. Subscribers can unsubscribe from the service through an unsubscribe link that is contained in each newsletter.

External Links
Our website does contain links to many other sites and Scoilnet is not responsible for the privacy practices within any of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware of this when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements on other websites you visit which collect personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected on our website.Scoilnet reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend this privacy policy at any time, and it is your responsibility to regularly check this page to determine if changes have been made since you last visited and to review such changes. We will indicate at the top of this page the date our privacy policy was last revised.

Privacy Concerns
Through our Privacy Policy, Scoilnet seeks to be as informative and as transparent as possible to ensure that you are aware of how seriously we treat your privacy and security. If you have any questions or concerns on how we collect, retain and process your data, we would be happy to assist - please get in touch through our 'Contact Us' form. 

