Information We Collect.(a)	Personally Identifiable Information.  We collect the personally identifiable information that you provide us. This may occur in a variety of ways, such as when you register an account on a Website ("Account"), fill out a form, send us an inquiry or feedback, or in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available via our Websites. The information may include, for example, your name, e-mail address, mailing address and/or phone number. The decision to provide such information is up to you; you may visit our Websites without providing any personally identifiable information. If you choose not to provide personally identifiable information, you may not be able to use certain features, such as registering an Account.(b)	Non-Personally Identifiable Information.  We may collect non-personally identifiable information about users whenever they interact with our Websites. Non-personally identifiable information may include certain technical information that identifies the computer or device, software and Internet Service Provider (ISP) requesting access to the Websites, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address (a unique number that is automatically assigned to a computer when surfing the web); MAC address (a unique number that is assigned to a network card by the manufacturer); date/time stamps for the visit; domain name; browser type and version; and/or operating system.(c)	Location Information. If a Website is accessed using a browser, we may collect location information provided by the ISP, such as general geographic location. If a Website is accessed using a mobile device, we may also collect location information provided by the location services features of the mobile device, such as more specific location positioning or latitude/longitude information.(d)	Cookies.  We may use "cookies" or other technologies to enhance a user's experience. Through the user's web browser, a cookie is placed on the hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about the user. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do, some parts of the Websites may not function properly.