
Privacy & Cookie PolicyThe BrainBashers website uses cookies. BrainBashers is run from the UK, but is hosted in a USA computer centre. Continued use of BrainBashers indicates that you have read, understood, and agreed with the information provided. Use of any of our websites is also subject to our terms and conditions.

  We never send spam emails, make spam telephone calls, send spam postal mail, etc.
  Please feel free to contact us if you have any comments.

We may modify or revise the privacy policy at any time by updating this web page. You should therefore visit this page periodically to review the details.
The BrainBashers website uses third party vendors, including Google, for some of its adverts, and as a third-party vendor, they use cookies to serve ads based on a user's previous visits to the BrainBashers website or other websites. Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to the BrainBashers website and/or other sites on the internet. You may opt out of personalised advertising by visiting Google Ads Settings.
The BrainBashers website also uses other third-party advertising networks certified by Google (a list of which can be seen here https://www.google.com/adsense/support/bin/answer.py?answer=94149). You may visit any of those websites to opt out of the cookies used in personalised advertising, if the vendor or ad network offers this capability. Alternatively, you can opt out of some third-party vendors' use of cookies for personalised advertising by visiting aboutads.info.
Our advertising partners may also use web beacons to collect information as a result of ad serving on our website.
Google have provided a page entitled "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps" that explains how they use the data that they collect.
We also occasionally use Google's reCAPTCHA to verify that our users are not robots. The reCAPTCHA box ('I am not a robot') has a clickable link to the relevant privacy policy.
In addition, the BrainBashers website itself uses cookies when you have:
   Closed the banner across the top advising you about our use of cookies.
   Recorded an 'A - Z' time (or reset your personal best).
   Recorded an 'Z - A' time (or reset your personal best).
   Recorded a '1 - 100' time.
   Saved a Sudoku.
   Played 'Daily Web Words'.
   Played 'Guess The Number'.
   Played 'PicturePuzzle'.
   Played 'Twenty Levels'.

We also use server-side ASP session variables to: facilitate various puzzles and games, to count usage, etc. Usually these are automatically destroyed when your session expires.
As with most other websites, we collect and use the server's logging information. This information includes details such as your IP (internet protocol) address, the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site, etc. This information might be used for security purposes or data analysis.
Some of the pages automatically post information back to the BrainBashers server in the background, these pages usually inform you of this fact. For example when you complete the alphabet in AtoZ your browser should automatically update the BrainBashers server with your time.
If you contact us and provide us with your email address, then you are giving us permission to contact you with regard to your comments. We will only use your email address for this reason. If you would like us to delete any previous comments to us, then please contact us and we will do so in a timely manner.
We will never sell/transfer/give away/etc any of your personal information to third parties - however we will disclose any required information if legally obligated.
We take reasonable steps to protect any data that we store.
This privacy policy section was last updated in May 2018.
