

GAMELOFT PRIVACY POLICY
 
Gameloft Inc. and its websites, games and other applications ("we," "our" or "us") believe that your privacy is very important. This Policy outlines the types of personally identifiable information and other data that we will collect from you through the various websites, games and applications we provide ("Websites/Apps"), and how we will use and when we might disclose such information and data to third parties. Your installation and/or use of these Websites/Apps and/or submission of information to us constitute your consent to this Privacy Policy and the processing of your information (personal and non-personal) as described in this Policy. This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1, 2008 and was last modified on July 6, 2016.
 
There are two types of information we may collect through your use of the Websites/Apps:

“Personal Information,” which is the type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, precise geolocation information (i.e., your specific location), Gameloft player ID, credit card information and, in some cases, usernames; and
 “Non-Personal Information,” which is information that does not identify you and cannot be used to contact you personally, including information about you such as your date of birth, age, ZIP code, non-precise geolocation information (e.g., your city), and gender, as well as information about your computer and mobile device, such as your unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware. Non-Personal Information also includes “Usage Data,” which is anonymous data tied to your computer and/or device, such as the actions you take within and outside of the Websites/Apps, the browser you use, the identity of other apps included on your device, the date and time of your use of the Websites/Apps, your game progress, play time, score and achievements, and the URLs you visited and/or apps you used before and after using our Websites/Apps.

 
Personal Information and Non-Personal Information That We Collect and How We Collect It

If you choose to open an account with us, register for a contest, sign up for our newsletter, request support, or in any other way take steps that require the submission of Personal Information or Non-Personal Information, we may collect information such as your name, email address, physical address, date of birth, gender and/or phone number.
If you choose to connect to one of our Websites/Apps through a third-party social network such as Facebook or Game Center, we may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information from your profile on such third-party social networks, such as your name, username, photograph, gender and date of birth.
If you choose to make a purchase through our Websites/Apps, we will collect your credit card information and other billing information.
If you choose to make use of any public forum, comment section, or chat function, we may collect any Personal Information you may disclose through such means.
If you choose to send a message to another user or defined group of users through our message, chat, post or other in-game function, we may collect any Personal Information you may disclose through such means, as well as the necessary Personal Information of the user(s) you are contacting, in order to facilitate the communication (Note: we will never collect any information sent outside of the functionality of our Websites/Apps, including through emails or text messages).
If you choose to enable push notifications, we may use your Personal Information, or Non-Personal Information such as a device ID, in order to send push notifications to your device.
We may collect precise geolocation information provided that, prior to doing so initially, you will either be informed of this practice or be prompted to allow or block this feature.  In the event you proceed with acquiring the Website/App or choose to allow this feature, you will be able to block it at any time thereafter by taking the appropriate steps in the Settings tab.
Some of our Websites/Apps may read your device to determine what other apps have been installed and Non-Personal Information, such as your city and gender, may be inferred based on the identity of those apps.
If you choose to submit your Personal Information to us for any other reason in any other form, we will collect such Personal Information and use it for the purposes for which you submitted it.
We will not collect any Personal Information from you simply by virtue of your visiting our Website; we only collect it if you choose to su