
Information we obtain directly from you
Here are some examples of information we collect about you when you interact with us (as detailed in point 3):

Name and Surname
Email address
Date of Birth
Contact phone number(s)
Purchase information
Interactions with us e.g. contacting our Customer Service
Payment details
Delivery address(s)
Billing address
Attendance at events
Preferred store, categories and brands
Appointment booking and information given during appointment
Alternations and repair requests
Automatically populated IP address*
Information from cookies**

*When visiting our website we may collect an automatically populated IP address. An IP address is a unique number which allows a computer, group of computers or other internet connected device (such as your mobile or tablet) to browse the internet. We may also record the time and date of your visit, the pages that were requested, the referring website (if provided) and your internet browser version.
**For further information about Cookies and how Selfridges uses them, please read our Cookie Policy.
Information we obtain independently from you:
Your information may be shared with us by independent organisations, for example other organisations that Selfridges has worked with. These independent organisations will only do so when there is a lawful basis to do so. You should check their Privacy Policy when you provide your information to them, to understand fully how they will process and safeguard your data. These independent organisations may include:
Third Party Organisations.
We may combine information you have given to us with additional information made available from / shared with us by external sources. This will only be done when we both have a lawful basis to do so.
Information updates.
From time to time we may screen our database against recognised data files such as National Change of Address file to help us keep our database up to date. 
Social Media.
Depending on your settings or the privacy policies for social media and messaging services like Facebook, WhatsApp or Twitter, you may give us permission to access information from those accounts or services.
Information available publicly.
We may include information found in places such as Companies House and information that has been published in for example articles/ newspapers / online.

