
What does Selfridges use your personal information for?
We will treat all your personal information as private and confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in certain circumstances, as set out below).
We confirm that any personal information which you provide to us will be held securely and in accordance with the registration that we have with the Data Commissioner's Office. We will use and process your personal information in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, as amended from time to time, as well as any other relevant data protection or privacy legislation. The types of uses we will make of your personal information shall include the following:

Process any orders that you make via the Website, App or in-store (please note that your details may need to be passed to a third party in order for them to supply or deliver the product or service that you ordered and we may retain your details for a reasonable period of time after you have completed the transaction in order to fulfil any contractual obligations such as refunds, guarantees etc).
Process payments and prevent fraudulent transactions (we may retain your details for these purposes for a reasonable period of time and we may pass your details to a third party to carry out these functions).
With your consent, retain your personal information, preferences and details of your transactions in order to keep you informed by email, post, mobile messaging, telephone and/or through other digital means including social media platforms, about products and services (including special offers, discounts, promotions, events, competitions and so on) offered by Selfridges, as well as recommending those which we feel will be of particular interest to you. Please note that this may involve passing your details to carefully selected third parties who may inform you about their products or services which may be of interest to you.
Register you on the Website, App or via one of our in-store services and where this involves setting you up with an account, we will use your personal information to maintain and update your account (e.g. such as a change of address or change in your push notification preferences).
Improve the content and appearance of the Website or App, to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you.
Assess and process your job application (we may retain a record of your information for a reasonable period of time following the end of our recruitment selection process for administration purposes).
Administer any prize draws or competitions run by Selfridges. Please refer to the specific terms & conditions for each prize draw or competition.
Carry out assessment and analysis (for example market, customer and product analysis) to enable us to review, develop and improve the products or services which we offer.
Comply with our legal obligations (for example, if you purchase a television or television receiving equipment from us, the Wireless Telegraphy Act 1967 requires us to notify the TV Licensing Authority, giving full details of the address to which the television will be delivered).

Enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Selfridges, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Your personal information may be disclosed to other businesses within the Selfridges Group which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 736 of the UK Companies Act 1985. As mentioned above, we may also disclose your personal information to carefully-selected and monitored third parties who are engaged to help us run, manage and improve the quality of the products and services that Selfridges offer, as well as for marketing and fraud and credit checking purposes. We require all the third parties that we interact with to treat your personal information as carefully and confidentially as we do.
You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your personal information or any other information we obtain about you, we are entitled do so.
You agree that you do not object to us using your personal information for any of the purposes outlined in this privacy policy and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of these purposes as a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
In circumstances where you contact us by telephone, calls may be recorded for quality, training and security purposes. Calls may also be monitored without your consent for the following circumstances: to provide evidence of a business transaction; to prevent or detect a crime; to investigate the unauthorised use of a telecom system; to ensure that a business complies with regulatory procedures; to see that quality standards or targets are being met; in the interests of national security; and to secure the effective operation of the telecom system.
We will not keep your personal information processed by us for any purpose or purposes for longer than is necessary for that purpose or for those purposes. Under data protection legislation you have the right to access information held about you. If you chose to exercise this right, then any access request may be subject to a fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.

