

Ebuyer (UK) Ltd ("Ebuyer", "us", "we") takes the protection of your online privacy seriously and this Privacy Policy sets out how we use and protect any personal information we obtain from dealings which arise from you using this website. Ebuyer is not responsible for the privacy practices of any websites which may be linked from the Ebuyer website, so please check these separately.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by updating this page so please check our Privacy Policy for any changes when you revisit our website. By using the Ebuyer.com website you are consenting to the use of cookies outlined in this privacy policy.
What personal information do we collect?
We ask for your personal information when you make a purchase, register, sign up for promotions, offers or competitions, or to receive news. Depending on which of these services you use, we may collect:

your name and contact information including postal address, e-mail address and telephone number, even if you do not complete your purchase;
details of any purchase orders that you place through the website, and any details we need for delivery;
card payment details if making a purchase;
details you provide when you contact us or make enquiries either generally or about any purchases you make with us;
details of your visits to the website and the resources that you access; and
information you provide if you report a problem with our website;

Even if you do not use these services, or for example, do not proceed with a purchase, we will still gather any personal details entered and information about your activity on the website to understand what parts of the website and what products you are interested in, so that we can improve our website and tailor our services to you. Further details can be found in the Cookies section of this Privacy Policy.
What we do with the personal information we collect?
Depending on how you engage with us, we may use your information:

to facilitate your use of this website and the services available through it;
when you purchase from us, to process your order, collect payment, enable you to track you order online, arrange delivery and for other purchase related services (this may include contacting you by telephone, email or SMS to arrange, confirm or upgrade your delivery) and for ongoing customer service dealings including any faults or repairs or refunds;
for internal accounting and regulatory purposes;
for statistical analysis to assess our business performance and to improve our products and services;
to improve and personalise your experience when you visit the website (See the cookies section), and to keep you informed about other products and services you might be interested in (See Keeping You Informed); and
to ask you from time to time if you would like to provide feedback on or participate in market research on our products and services. You do not have to participate in these if you do not wish.

Who do we share it with?
We do not share your data with any third parties except as provided in this policy or as required by law. We will not share personal data with third parties for Direct Marketing by those parties without your consent. We may sell or otherwise supply Corporate Data to third parties including other companies in our group.
Please note that Ebuyer is legally required to notify the TV Licensing Authority of any purchase you make of television receiving equipment. Please see tvlicensing.co.uk for more details.
If you take out an additional service plan with your purchase, Ebuyer will share limited personal information with the service plan provider.
Ebuyer may also disclose your personal information:

We may provide aggregated statistics (including information derived from your data) about our sales, traffic patterns, and related website information to trustworthy third parties.We will do this for the purpose of carrying out assessments, analysis and research in relation to our business, products, services and customers. This is to assist in the provision of services and products to you, and to facilitate reviews, developments and improvements to our web site and the services and products offered to you. The statistics we disclose to those third parties will not include personally identifying information.
to the police, regulators, law enforcement or other government agency where the law requires this, where appropriate to prevent or detect criminal activity, or in connection with product safety, and otherwise to relevant third parties to protect Ebuyer, its business, staff and customers; and
to prospective or actual buyers in the event that Ebuyer sells any of its business or assets so help ensure continuity of your customer relationship.

Keeping You Informed
We may from time to time contact or update you about products, services or offers that may be relevant to you.
This may include delivery, reviews, lists and extended warranties, and other products and services related to your Ebuyer purchases, some of which are provided by Ebuyer and some by our trusted partners to whom we may pass on your details.
They or we may contact you about these by telephone, mail, email and SMS, using the contact details you provide and update us with, which we obtain or update with you in our dealings, or which we obtain or update from external sources. This may include telephone numbers that are registered by you or others unless you have told us directly that you do not wish to be contacted for this purpose on a particular telephone number. By providing your details through the website, you are agreeing to this.
If you don't want to be contacted by post or telephone you can email us at dataremoval@ebuyer.com, call us on 0871 521 3300* or write to us at: Data Removal, Ebuyer (UK) Limited, Howden, East Yorkshire, DN14 7UW. If you do so, please bear with us for a short time whilst we adjust our records. This usually takes up to 10 days.
* Calls cost 10p per minute plus network extras. Lines open: Monday-Friday 9am-6pm (excluding bank holidays). Please remember to use the international dialing code (+44) when calling from outside the UK
If you don't want to be contacted by email, please unsubscribe from the Ebuyer marketing emails that contain an easy means for you to unsubscribe.
Please note that Ebuyer would not necessarily remove all your details from its records but would note and respect your changed marketing preferences.
Security and Storage
Whilst we have policies, rules and measures in place and try to take all reasonable steps to safeguard your personal information, Ebuyer cannot guarantee the security of any information you provide online.

