Last Updated: February 8, 2017The STOCKX Privacy Policy applies to the websites and applications where it appears. This Policy describes how StockX LLC (“STOCKX”) treats personal information on the websites where it is located. It also applies to mobile websites and applications (websites and applications referred to as “site”).WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU AND ABOUT YOUWe collect your contact information. For example, when you create an account on our site we collect your full name and email address. We may also collect your information when you enter a promotion on our site.We may collect payment information.  For example, we may collect your credit card number, bank account information and billing information if you make a purchase. The third party services provider we use to process credit card payments is Braintree, Inc. (Level 1 PCI DSS-compliant), and the personal data that you provide relevant to credit card processing is subject to Braintree’s security and privacy policies, found here: http://www.braintreepayments.com/security.  The third party services provider we use for ACH payments is Dwolla, Inc., and the personal data that you provide relevant to ACH payments is subject to Dwolla’s security and privacy policies, found here: https://www.dwolla.com/legal/privacy/ We collect information you submit or post. We collect the information you post in a public space on our site. We also collect information when you contact us.We collect demographic information. We may collect information like your shoe size, gender and age. We may also collect your zip code. We might collect this when you contact us or enter a promotion.We collect other information. If you use our site, we may collect information about the browser you’re using. We may also collect your computer’s IP address. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. If you use our mobile app, we may collect your GPS location. We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it.Connecting through Social Media. When you choose to enable or log in to the site via social media or social networking services, such as Facebook or Twitter, we collect certain personal information that you have provided to that social networking service. For example, when you log in with your Facebook credentials, we may collect personal information from your Facebook profile, such as your email address, profile picture, and friend list.WE COLLECT INFORMATION IN DIFFERENT WAYSWe collect information directly from you. For example, if you sign up for emails, create an account, enter a promotion, or place an order. We also collect information if you contact us.We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and device IDs to store information about your session. We collect information about users over time when you use this website. We may have third parties collect personal information this way. Learn more about these tools and how you can control them, here. We also collect information from our mobile apps.We get information about you from third parties. For example, our business partners may give us information about you. Social media platforms may also give us information about you.We combine information. For example, we may combine information that we get from a third party with information we already have.WE USE INFORMATION AS DISCLOSED TO YOU AND AS DESCRIBED HEREWe use information to respond to your requests or questions. For example, we might use your information to respond to your customer feedback. We may use your information to fulfill your purchases or enter you in a promotion.We use information to improve our products and services. We may use your information to make our website and products better. We may use your information to customize your experience with us.We use information for security purposes. We may use information to protect our company, our customers, and our websites.We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might provide you with information about new products and special offers (with your express consent only if required by applicable law). We might tell you about new features or updates. These might be third party offers or products we think you might find interesting. If you register with us, we’ll enroll you in our blog email updates. To manage this, read the choices section below.We use information to communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may contact you about your account or feedback. We might also contact you about this Privacy Policy or our site Terms.We may also push notifications on our mobile apps. We use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you.WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIESWe will share information within the STOCKX family of companies.We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors who send emails for us. We may also share information with companies that operate our websites, run a promotion, or fulfill purchases.We may share information with our business partners. For example, we will share information with third parties who co-sponsor a promotion. These partners may send you information about events and products by mail or email.We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share it if a government agency, investigatory body, or a similar authority, requests. We might share information when we are investigating potential fraud. This might include fraud we think has happened during a sweepstakes or promotion. Or we may share your information if you are the winner of a sweepstakes or other contest with anyone who requests a winner’s list.We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if all or part of our business was sold or merged we may give our customer list as part of that transaction.We may share information for other reasons we may describe to you from time to time.YOU HAVE CERTAIN CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONYou can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. o stop receiving our promotional emails, email us at support@stockx.com or follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us. We will process any opt-out requests in accordance with applicable law.  Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still send you transactional messages. These include communications in response to your requests or questions.You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we – and our vendors – use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our Do Not Track policy, please click here.You can control tools on your mobile devices. For example, you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone. Each push notification has an “unsubscribe” link.YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSIf you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send us an email, or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate in your letter that you are a California resident making a “Shine the Light” inquiry.THIS WEBSITE OR APPLICATION IS NOT INTENDED FOR CHILDRENOur sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can email us. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line here.WE USE STANDARD SECURITY MEASURESThe Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites and apps will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords. We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices as described in this Policy. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.WE STORE INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATESInformation we maintain is stored within the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country.WE MAY LINK TO OTHER WEBSITES WE DON’T CONTROLIf you click on a third party link, you will be taken to platforms we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website. Read other companies’ privacy policies carefully. We are not responsible for these third parties.Our site may also serve third party content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies. To learn more, click here. We do not control the use of those technologies.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our privacy department at privacy@stockx.com or by mail at 1046 Woodward Ave., Detroit, MI 48226.© 2015 StockX LLC. All rights reserved.