Terms & Conditions & Privacy PolicyTERMS & CONDITIONSThis website is owned by Croatia Week and by using this site you agree to the terms and conditions of this site. If you do not agree you are not permitted to use this site.Text, design, and logos are protected by copyright and are the property of Croatia Week. Without written consent, no rights or licences will be given to any other person. To inquire about lifting rights please contact: [email protected]Whilst Croatia Week is committed to providing accurate and timely information, it does not take any responsibility for information that is not and/or any damages resulting from an article published in Croatia Week.PRIVACY POLICYYour privacy is important to us and Croatia Week is committed to maintaining that. No personal information is collected or ever passed on to a third-party without your permission. We do not sell any data for direct mail or advertising purposes.Croatia Week collects your data, only your email address you provide when you subscribe to our newsletter. We use your email address to only send you newsletters with news from Croatia Week. We do not do anything else with the data. You can opt-out of the newsletters at any time and have your data removed by requesting this via email – [email protected] or clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter.You may contact us anytime to request your data is amended or deleted.Our site contains links to other sites and we recommend that you check any relevant privacy policies.Our site uses cookies to provide a better user experience, smoother functionality of our services, metrics, and ad customization of the advertising system. We use Google Analytics to track metrics for our site and we operate on the WordPress system. We do not collect or store any personal information.At any time you can control and configure your session cookies through the settings feature of your browser. You can read more about cookies here.  
You need to enable JavaScript to vote