This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Oldways collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.oldwayspt.org website (“Site”). This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all products and services oﬀered by Oldways.
Personal Identiﬁcation Information
We may collect personal identiﬁcation information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, ﬁll out a form, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, and phone number.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identiﬁcation information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identiﬁcation information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities.
Non-Personal Identiﬁcation Information
We may collect non-personal identiﬁcation information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identiﬁcation information may include the browser name, type of device, technical information about Users’ means of connection to our Site (such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized), and other similar information.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Site uses “cookies” to enhance User experience. Users’ web browsers place cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How We Use Collected Information
Oldways collects and uses Users’ personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service: Your information helps us to more eﬀectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To improve our Site: We continually strive to improve our website oﬀerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To administer content, a promotion, a survey or other Site feature.
To send periodic emails: The email address Users provide for order processing will be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries and/or other requests or questions, and to send emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. Alternatively, the User may contact us via our Site.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users’ personal identiﬁcation information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identiﬁcation information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted aﬃliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third Party Websites
Users may ﬁnd advertising or other content on our Site that links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Users browsing or interacting with any other website, including websites that have a link to our Site, are subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Oldways has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modiﬁcations.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Oldways
www.oldwayspt.org
266 Beacon St., Ste 1
Boston, MA 02116
info@oldwayspt.org
This Privacy Policy was updated on December 20, 2017.
