Anonymous (or sometimes referred to as “aggregate”) information is information that cannot be traced back to a specific individual. For example, we know how many times our site and certain portions of our site are visited, but we do not know the names, e-mail addresses or gender of our visitors unless they specifically provide that information. We use this anonymous information to obtain a better understanding of how visitors use our website and to make decisions on how to improve it.Each time a visitor comes to our site, we collect some information in an effort to improve the overall quality of your online experience. We collect the visitor’s referral data (e.g., the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to our website), and browser and platform type (e.g., a Safari browser on a Macintosh platform).In addition to collecting these types of information, Scripps Health collects aggregate queries for internal reporting. We also count, track, and aggregate the visitor’s activity into our analysis of general traffic flows at our site (e.g., tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within our site, etc.).In order to determine a user’s ability to receive HTML e-mail in addition to whether or not an e-mail has been opened, a “web beacon” is included in a majority of the HTML e-mail messages sent. A web beacon (actually a small .gif image) is activated when an HTML e-mail is opened via a request for the image on the servers. This capability helps us send e-mail in a format users can read, and enables us to track the aggregate number of e-mails opened.The web beacon does not collect any personally identifiable information. Users that do not want to receive e-mail messages with web beacons can choose to receive their e-mails in text (non-HTML) format. We also use the capability to track when a URL has been clicked inside of an e-mail message. We use this functionality to track which links were clicked and in what quantity, as well as the aggregate number of links clicked. This click tracking functionality does not collect any personally identifiable information.