
New York Media Privacy Notice – Highlights
This Privacy Notice explains the privacy practices for the websites and the desktop, mobile and tablet applications operated by New York Media LLC (“us,” “we” or “our”), including those for New York Magazine, Daily Intelligencer, Grub Street, Select All, The Cut, The Strategist, and Vulture (collectively, the “Sites”). It describes the information we collect about you (“you” or “your”) through the Sites, and how we use and share that information. You should read this Privacy Notice thoroughly to fully understand our privacy practices.
This Is An Overview Of The Information We Collect And How It May Be Used and Disclosed:
• We collect the personal information you give us when you subscribe to our Sites, register as a member on our Sites or participate in Interactive Areas on our Sites such as activity that might include newsletter sign-ups, participation in our commenting sections, and saving articles, etc. Further, personal information is information that allows us to identify an individual consumer, such as a name, phone number, home address or email address.
• We collect certain other information through cookies such as the dates and times you access our Sites, your device identifier and Internet protocol address, and attributes of your browser, system or device.
• Our third party operational providers use technical information collected through cookies and other technologies to analyze site usage activity and patterns in order to help improve the Sites.
• We use your personal information to communicate with you and to fulfill your requests related to services such as subscription purchases, tickets to events, and/or newsletter sign ups.
• We may use demographic information about you (e.g., age, gender, geographic location) from third parties to serve you more relevant advertising.We use the information we collect to tailor marketing and advertising so that it is more relevant to you.
• We may share the information we collect with operational providers that help us fulfill certain business functions, and with other third parties to comply with legal processes such as subpoenas and court orders, in connection with corporate transactions involving our companies, and when we believe in good faith that the law requires the disclosure of your personal information or its disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or interests or the rights or interests of others.
This Is An Overview Of The Information Our Advertisers, Ad Networks and Partners May Collect And How They May Use This Information:
• Third party advertising networks and other companies with whom we contract may collect technical information derived from cookies and other technologies when you visit our Sites.
• These companies and third party networks may combine the information they collect with information about your activities at third party websites or with demographic information.
• They may use this information to identify your likely interests in order to provide you with more useful and relevant advertisements.
These Are The Choices You Have About The Information We Collect:
• You may request that we correct, update, or remove information you provided by contacting us at privacy@nymag.com.
• Additionally, you may opt out of email communications you receive from us using the opt-out links found at the bottom of each email we send.
• You may set your browser to refuse cookies.
This Is How You Can Ask Questions Or Raise Concerns:
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Notice.
Contact us at:
Attn: Chief Operating OfficerNew York Media LLC75 Varick Street, 4th FloorNew York, New York 10013Phone: (212) 508-0700Email: privacy@nymag.com


New York Media Privacy NoticeAmended as of May 25th, 2018This Is What Our Privacy Notice Covers
New York Media LLC (“we,” “us” or “our”) owns and operates the New York Magazine (“NYMag.com”), Daily Intelligencer, Grub Street ("GrubStreet.com”), Vulture ("Vulture.com”), The Cut ("TheCut.com”), The Strategist (TheStrategist.com, and Select All (Selectall.com) websites and associated desktop, mobile and tablet applications (collectively, the “Sites”). This Privacy Notice explains our privacy practices with respect to the information we collect via those Sites.


This is How Personal Information Is Defined


Personal information is information that allows us to identify an individual consumer, such as a name, phone number, home address or email address. Certain information is only personal information when it is linked to other information like your name. For example, your birth date and gender are personal information when associated with your name.




This Outlines The Data And Personal Information We Collect


To become a member of one of our Sites or to access certain areas of the Sites, such as contests or sweepstakes, you may be required to provide personal information such as your name, home and email addresses, birth date and gender. Similar information may also be required to participate in other online activities, special events or Interactive Areas. “Interactive Areas” include, when offered, comment sections on articles, message boards, chat rooms, reader photo upload areas, reader ratings and reviews, features allowing saving articles or other content on our Sites, reader-created content upload areas, contact us and customer support areas, and areas that allow you to register for SMS text messaging and mobile alerts. We may also survey visitors about various topics, including events and experiences, media consumption preferences and how we can improve our Sites and services. Response to our surveys is entirely voluntary.
We collect information when you submit it for posting on our Sites. Any communication you submit or that may be posted to a publicly viewable area of our Sites, such as a comment on an article or a review, is a public communication and may be viewed by the general public. Therefore, you acknowledge and understand that you have no expectation of privacy or confidentiality in the content you submit to such areas via our Sites, whether or not your submission includes personal information. These submissions would include newsletter sign ups and any area of our site that requires a login or registration prior to use.  If at any time you display your personal information in any communication submitted to such areas, other individuals may collect and use your personal information. We are not responsible for, nor can we guarantee the protection of, any personal information you disclose in a communication submitted to such areas for posting or contained in an email or other communication submitted to us for such posting, and thus, you acknowledge that if you disclose personal information in any such material, you do so at your own risk.
You may choose to log in, create an account or enhance your profile on the Sites through the Facebook Login feature. By doing this, you are asking Facebook to send us certain information from your Facebook profile, and you authorize us to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Notice any and all information available to us through the Facebook interface. After you have connected, Facebook also sends us additional information from your profile that allows us to display a Facebook Friends module on your profile page. The Facebook Friends that are displayed only include your Friends that also have accounts with our Sites.
To disassociate your NYMag.com account from Facebook, log in and navigate to your account information page at http://my.nymag.com/[your username here]/account and click the “Unlink” button in the Facebook Login section.




This Is The Technical Information We Collect


To gauge the effectiveness of our Sites, we may collect technical information about our members and visitors, such as Internet server and browser identification, the Internet service provider used, clickstream information, the web page from which you enter our site, webpages visited, duration of visit and domain type. However, this information does not reveal your identity. We gather this information through the use of cookies and similar devices as discussed below. We may contract with third parties to collect this information on our behalf for analytics purposes. These include companies such as Chartbeat, Comscore and Google.For more information about these companies and their privacy policies, please click the company names above and follow the links to their websites.




These Are The Things We Do With the Information We Collect


We collect personal information for several important purposes, including to operate our membership and subscriber base, protect the security of our visitors and the Sites, improve our service and Sites, distribute our newsletters, notify the winners of our contests and sweepstakes, allow participation in Interactive Areas, and for future marketing, advertising and/or promotional use. We or our operational providers may associate the information we collect with other data collected from other sources, such as demographic data including age and gender, to make our marketing activities more relevant.
We may offer SMS text message mobile alerts for specific purposes. We may also offer an “Email This” feature that allows visitors to email a link to another person to inform them about an article or feature on the Sites. We do not retain telephone numbers or email addresses collected for these purposes after sending the SMS text message or email.
Personal information is collected in connection with contests, sweepstakes and special events (collectively, “Events”). Personal information collected through our Sites in conjunction with such Events may also be used for marketing additional products, services and events by us and/or by our advertisers, sponsors, and marketing partners. Please see the rules of each individual Event and any applicable privacy policies for those Events for additional information on the choices you may exercise with respect to the use of your personal information collected in connection with that Event. To the extent there is a conflict between this privacy policy and the rules or policies applicable to a special Event, the rules and policies associated with the special Event shall govern.




This Is How We Use Cookies And Other Technologies


What Is A Cookie?
A cookie is a small data file that contains a unique identification number that a website places on your computer or mobile device when you visit the website. The cookie is able to store a variety of information used to improve and customize your browsing experience. Session-based cookies last while your browser is open. Persistent cookies last for various periods across browser restarts. Pixels, which are also known as pixel GIFs or web beacons, are related technologies that are used to set cookies or simply collect information about a single web interaction.
Our Use Of Cookies
We use cookies on our Sites, as well as third-party cookies, like Google Analytics. Some cookies are used for authentication or registration. Cookies also enable us to understand how often visitors are visiting our Sites, where they are coming from, the specific pages visited, and user preferences. We use this information to improve the Sites’ speed, functionality, and the content we provide. Other cookies are used for estimating audience size for sponsors and advertisers, for marketing purposes to display advertising and offerings that are relevant to your interests and to control how often you see some advertising messages. They also help provide us with aggregated auditing, research, and reporting, and know when content has been shown to you.The cookies we use on the Sites do not contain any personal information.
Third-Party Cookies
You can find a list of the third-party cookies that our Sites use along with other relevant information in our cookie list. While we do our best to keep this table updated, please note that the number and names of cookies, pixels, and other technologies may change from time to time.
Managing Your Cookies
You can refuse to use cookies by turning them off in your browser. You can contact your browser software manufacturer for questions on how to disable your cookies. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use most of the content on our Sites. However, if the cookies are disabled you may find that some areas on the Sites will be slower, or may not function at all and you may not be able to participate in certain activities such as saving customized settings for activities like login and/or commenting.
Cookies On Sites We Link To
Throughout our Sites, we link out to other websites, such as publications, affiliates, advertisers, and partners. You should review other website operators’ privacy and cookie policies to determine the type and extent of tracking devices used by these other websites.




This Is How And Why We May Share Your Information With Third Parties


Information collected via the Sites is shared among our affiliates. We may also share aggregate information about our visitors to our advertisers, sponsors, and promotional partners, such as how many persons visited a particular page or activity, the average age of our visitors on the Site(s) or page(s), or the likes and dislikes of our visitors, but this information does not include personal information about any individual visitor. We may obtain geographic information such as zip code clustering from other sources, but this aggregate information will not reveal any personal information about a specific visitor. We may also obtain other demographic information from third parties to improve our products and services, for marketing purposes or to display more relevant advertising. One such third-party provider is Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Google combines demographic data collected via DoubleClick Display Advertising with site-specific behavior tracked in Google Analytics to provide New York Media with information about the demographics and content interests of users. We do not combine this data with any personal information. If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking, please click this link: Google Analytics opt-out.




This Is How Our Advertisers, Ad Networks And Other Third-Parties Collect And Use Information


Online advertising for the Sites is delivered by third-party advertising companies. These companies create networks of websites and conduct market research to facilitate the delivery of relevant ads on our Sites and other websites. These companies place cookies on your hard drive so that their systems can identify your computer. By placing such cookies on your computer, they are able, among other things, to determine automatically whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. These cookies also enable the companies to serve you ads tailored to things you have shown interest in based on the Sites and other websites you have visited. For example, if you frequently read movie reviews, you may see ads relating to upcoming movie openings. Online advertising companies generally conduct this activity in an anonymous format, with online information not combined with information that would allow for your identification, such as a name, address or email address. Retailers, advertisers, and/or promotional partners on the Sites may share anonymous information about your purchases with us.
The third-party companies that currently serve advertisements or provide ad targeting data on the Sites include, but are not limited to DoubleClick, Google, BlueKai, Taboola, and Facebook. In addition, we share with these third parties any personal information you voluntarily provide, such as an email address, in response to an advertisement or sponsored content link. If you would like more information about the collection, use and disclosure practices of these third-party advertising companies and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click on the company names above and follow the links to the company websites. Follow this link to learn about our ad requirements. http://mediakit.nymag.com/ad-specs/
Third party advertising companies often belong and/or conform to the standards and principles of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). The NAI allows you to opt-out of the cookies used to tailor advertisements to you through the NAI website. If you would like to opt-out of the storage of anonymous information used by third party advertising companies, visit the Network Advertising Industry’s opt-out page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices. The NAI opt-out tool is cookie based.




This Is How Our Operational Providers CollectAnd Use The Information We Collect


For your convenience, we may provide the opportunity to purchase certain goods, merchandise and services through the Sites (including, without limitation, retail purchases, print and digital magazine subscriptions and special event tickets). Companies other than New York Media, its parents, partners, affiliates or subsidiaries may process these transactions. We call these companies that conduct our e-commerce operations, order and contest fulfillment and/or contract services “operational providers.” They are third parties that perform services on our behalf. If you choose to use these optional services, our operational providers will request your personal information to fulfill your order or request. The voluntary submission of your personal information to these operational providers, including your order or request, will be governed by the specific provider’s terms of use and privacy policies. To facilitate an order or request from you, we may share your personal information with the provider. The operational provider may also share your personal information and information about your purchases with us. We may store this information in our membership database. In most instances, we request that our operational providers adhere to the provisions in our Privacy Notice and that such providers only share visitors’ personal information with us, unless necessary to complete a visitor’s request or order. Our Data Protection Amendments with our providers instructs these providers that the only use for any personal information is for the purpose of conducting the sale or fulfilling your requested service or order. However, you must read an operational provider’s privacy policy to determine the extent of use and disclosure of your personal information collected online. We are not responsible for the collection, use and disclosure practices of operational providers, nor are we responsible or liable for their services.




These Are Other Reasons We Might Share Your Personal Information


Other than as disclosed in this Privacy Notice, we share or disclose your personal information or the content of your email when required by law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; when we believe disclosure would enhance or improve operation of the Sites or certain website services and/or when we believe disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or interests or the rights or interests of others, or the safety of our visitors.
 We may disclose the content of your email to our operational providers or our Privacy Committee in the event the communication is necessary for the resolution of your request or concern.




This Provides More Information About Links to Third Party Websites?


The Sites contain links, sometimes in the form of ads or links to other websites that offer information about relevant online services. This includes websites operated by other entities. These other websites may collect personal information directly from you and/or use their own tracking technologies. When you link to or visit an advertiser’s or sponsor’s website, we may frame the website or a webpage with one of our Sites’ logos; however, you will be subject to the privacy policy and terms of use agreement of that website operator. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of our advertisers’, sponsors’ or any others’ websites or their businesses to which we provide hyperlinks or access. Please visit the websites of these companies to review their privacy policies.




This is How Your Personal Information is Protected


We endeavor to safeguard and protect your personal information. When you submit personal information on our Sites, we take efforts to protect such information both online and offline. Only employees and supervisors with specific authorization have access to databases containing visitors’ personal information. When you send us an email, we will reasonably safeguard your email address and other personal contact information. Any credit card information we collect or receive is transmitted via an API using encrypted technology to our operational provider for processing. Please be advised that, although we take reasonable technological precautions to protect your data, no data in storage or transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, we do not represent or warrant that your information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data via our Sites is at your own risk.




These Are The Choices You Have About the Information We Collect


Our Sites are operated and maintained within the U.S. We make no assurances or representations of any kind that the Sites are suitable for use outside the U.S. or in the country in which you reside. The information we collect is kept on servers in the U.S. and may be transferred to servers in other countries, subject to the terms of this privacy notice. We retain the information we collect for so long as we continue to have a business purpose for it.
By accessing the Sites, establishing an account, subscribing to our content via print, digital, or email newsletters or making a purchase, you consent to the processing of your personal information as provided in this Privacy Notice. You may withdraw that consent by contacting us at privacy@nymag.com. You are required to provide certain personal information in order to open and maintain an account, to make a purchase or to take advantage of certain features available through the Sites. Your failure to provide such information may preclude you from establishing an account or may subject your account to termination, prevent you from making a purchase or prohibit you from using certain features.
If at any point you believe the personal information we process about you is incorrect, you may access your subscription account or comment registration and modify it there, or otherwise request to see the information and to have it corrected or deleted by contacting us at privacy@nymag.com.
If you wish to object to or raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal information, you may contact us at privacy@nymag.com.You are also able to have your personal information transferred by contacting us at privacy@nymag.com.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe our processing of your personal information is not in accordance with law, you may register a complaint with a governmental authority.
New York Media controls the personal information collected via its Sites.
You may contact our Data Protection Team at privacy@nymag.com.




These Are The Choices You Have About How Your Personal Information Is Used


You can choose not to provide us with any personal information through the Sites. If personal information you provide through our Sites changes, if you no longer wish to receive a service or marketing communications from us or if you wish to inquire about the information we hold about you, please contact us using the contact information below and we will correct, update or remove your details or process your request to be removed from future communications. Additionally, you can opt out of any email communications you receive from us using the opt-out links found at the bottom of each email we send.




This Is How We Tell You About Changes To This Privacy Policy


We may periodically modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Notice. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Notice by posting via the Sites the revised notice with the date it was revised. We encourage you to review our Privacy Notice on a regular basis to stay informed of our current data privacy practices. Your continued use of our Sites constitutes your agreement to current version of this Privacy Notice.






In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy involving New York Media LLC or its affiliates, we reserve the right to transfer your personal information to the new party in control or the party acquiring our assets.




This Is How We Protect Children’s Privacy?


We have developed our Sites to appeal to visitors over the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under the age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information for a child under the age of 13, we will take steps to delete that information.




This Is How You Can Ask Questions or Raise Concerns?


Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy.
Contact us at: Attn: Chief Operating Officer75 Varick Street, 4th Floor, New York, New York10013Phone: (212) 508-0700E-mail: privacy@nymag.com
Thank you for visiting!



