 IAAPA Privacy Policies Online:  This policy applies to all online programs, services and promotions provided by the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions (IAAPA) through its web sites:  When you visit any of the IAAPA web sites, our web server does not automatically recognize your domain type, your IP address, your e-mail address, or any other kind of information from you. We do not collect any kind of information electronically without your prior knowledge and consent. The only Internet cookies that IAAPA uses are those necessary to record session information, such as items that members and customers add to their shopping cart. No other cookies are recorded. IAAPA does not make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to any other organizations. IAAPA does not make its member and customer e-mail lists available to any other organizations, except for the publication of member directories. If you supply IAAPA with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from IAAPA with information on new products and services or upcoming events that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please contact IAAPA. If you supply IAAPA with your telephone number online, you will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders or services you have placed online. None of the companies that have ads on our web pages are allowed by IAAPA (and there is no electronic mechanism in place) to collect information such as your domain type and your IP address a s a result of your visit to our site. From time to time, IAAPA may use member and customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes on our web site to notify you of these changes. Upon request, IAAPA provides our customers and members with access to all information we maintain about them, except for IAAPA proprietary information. When IAAPA transfers and receives certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, visitors are redirected to a secure server. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact IAAPA atwebmaster@iaapa.org or the DMA’s Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org. This policy is effective as of October 19, 2005.   For children under 13  In addition to the above terms, the following will apply when marketing to children under 13 years old:  IAAPA collects children’s personal information for the sole purpose stated in a specific promotion, contest, or program. Only the information reasonably necessary to participate in a specific promotion, contest, or program as a condition of participation is collected. IAAPA will not use their information compiled by children or their parents to send periodic communications from IAAPA, except for promotions, contests or programs similar to the one the information was initially submitted for. Parental notification and consent is required for all promotions, contests and programs directed to children under 13 years old, except for specific exemptions provided by law to protect the child’s security. The parent can review the child’s personal information, ask to have it deleted, and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child’s information by contacting webmaster@iaapa.org This policy is effective as of October 19, 2005 and complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) of 2000.   Email   An electronic opt-out mechanism is provided at the bottom of each e-mail message that recipients can use to refuse future similar commercial e-mail solicitation from IAAPA. IAAPA maintains an internal opt-out tracking mechanism. This policy complies with the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing (CAN-SPAM) Act of 2003 issued by the FTC. This policy is effective as of January 21, 2005 .   FAX   IAAPA sends fax transmissions only to members and customers with a current and established business relationship with IAAPA. Members and customers may opt-out by calling or sending a fax to IAAPA. Full removal information is provided at the bottom of each fax transmission. IAAPA maintains an internal opt-out tracking mechanism. This policy complies with the Junk Fax Prevention Act of 2005 issued by the FCC. This policy is effective as of January 21, 2005.   Telemarketing   IAAPA limits the number of financial operations over the telephone to a minimum. In the case a financial transaction takes place over the telephone, IAAPA asks for your express and informed consent to charge the specific amount to the specific credit card as a payment for the specific product. A receipt for the transaction is mailed or faxed to you. Credit card information is not maintained in the internal database and will not be used in the future without your previous and explicit consent. IAAPA maintains an internal opt-out tracking mechanism. This policy complies with the 1991 Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA). As a non-profit organization, IAAPA is not required to comply with the national Do-Not-Call Registry. This policy is effective as of January 21, 2005.  International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions
1448 Duke Street
Alexandria, VA, USA 22314
Tel. +1 703/836-4800
Fax +1 703/836/4801
E-mail iaapa@iaapa.org www.iaapa.org
