

Privacy Policy
Introduction
KONNEKT Search & Selection Ltd (KONNEKT) is the owner of this Website and is committed to protecting our visitors' privacy and we will not collect any personal information about you as a visitor unless you provide it voluntarily. Any personal information you communicate with us is kept within our own records in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2001 and the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).
This Privacy Policy is effective from May 25th 2018. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and will post the changed policy to this page.
By using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read, and agree to, the terms of this Privacy Policy and that you consent to the use by us, of your Personal Information for the purposes as set out in this Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to provide your Personal Information on the basis set out in this Privacy Policy, you should not enter the relevant information on the Website or provide your Personal Information to us otherwise. However, if you do not provide your Personal Information, you may not be able to use the Services.
Definitions
The terms “you” and “user” as used herein refer to all individuals (job seekers) accessing the Site.
“Personal Data” means information that specifically identifies an individual or that is linked to information that identifies a specific individual.
Cookies and Data Tracking
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites. We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience. You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.
The Google Analytics Advertising Feature of Demographics and Interest Reporting has been implemented on www.konnekt.com. This means that Google Analytics will be gathering demographic (ie. age and gender) and user interest category preferences when users visit the website. This information is gathered when users browse Google partner websites, through a Google advertising cookie in the user's browser. These cookies help to understand the types of pages that users are visiting. Konnekt will use demographic and interest category data to create content and services which better target its users and will in no way use this data at the detriment of its users. Should users of www.konnekt.com would like to opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Feature, they can do so from their personal Google Ad Settings, after logging into their Google account, or by downloading the browser extension.
Data Protection 
We are aware that we have a legal duty to respect and protect any personal information we collect from you and we will abide by such duty. We take all safeguards necessary to prevent unauthorised access and we do not pass on your details collected from you as a visitor, to any third party unless you give us your consent to do so. All data collected is processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (hereinafter the “GDPR”).
a) Information Collected
In accordance with general practice, certain information will be automatically logged in respect of every request made, which information comprises (a) name or network address of the computer making the request (b) the date and time of connection (c) the http request containing identification of the documentation collected and (d) the status code of the request. This information may be utilised for system administration, bug tracking and producing usage statistics. This information may be kept indefinitely and will not be disclosed to third parties. We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer any information to third parties. This does not however include trusted third parties who would be assisting us in operating this website, conducting our business or providing a service to you and who we ensure are bound by non-disclosure policies.
We will release your data if we are obliged to do so to comply with any law, regulation or court order.
As a visitor to this site, we may also ask you for contact or feedback information which, by providing to us, you are authorising us to collect it.
If you are accessing this website as a candidate (seeking employment) or a client (potential employer), you will be requested to provide additional information, including certain information which may be deemed confidential, to maximise your use of this website. Our goal is to provide the best possible employment opportunities that are tailored to you. This will enable us to provide you with the best opportunities and should save you time in not having to search through information about jobs and services that are not relevant to you. To this end, we will also use the data internally for research purposes with the aim of enhancing the user experience.
This information may be used within the affiliated entities and brands of Konnekt which entities are also bound by the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).
Depending on how you interact with us, the personal information we collect from you may vary. This information may consist of your name; surname, mobile number; email address; password; CV; job preferences including category, level, type and geographical location; and preference of frequency for receiving email notifications about new jobs.
Candidates shall take full responsibility for the integrity and the accuracy of the data provided.
Should you decline to provide us with any such data we may not be able to provide you with our Service.
When you fill the forms on this website, we use the personal information submitted in the form to respond to your message and in respect of the services which we provide. 
b) Profile Creation
Data is stored by us when a profile is created from our website. Your profile may be created in 2 ways: a) directly by you in which case you will need to read and accept this Privacy Policy; b) by us if you forward your information to us via email or any other means. The only way possible for us to proceed with any application and to track these applications is through the creation of a profile. Once a profile is created by us you will receive an email with a verification link which you will need to activate your profile. You will receive a reminder after 5 days, 20 days and 3 months with a link to verify your profile. If after 4 months, you have still not verified your profile, we will proceed to delete it and any data which would have been stored. Should you have any queries in this regard, please email us on info@konnekt.com 
All profiles created, whether by you or by us on your behalf, are created on a system called Talexio which is wholly owned by Integrated Talent Ventures Ltd, an affiliated company with Konnekt Search & Selection Ltd.
Where you create a profile directly but no CV is uploaded by you, you will receive an automated email within 30 minutes asking you to upload your CV in order for us to be in a position to assist. Should you fail to do so, reminders to upload your CV are sent after 3 days and subsequently after 10 days. Should you not upload a CV within 3 months, your profile will be disabled.
When a profile is created, you shall have full access to the data that you have entered and have the facility to change, delete, amend or modify this data independently. You shall have full responsibility for the accuracy of the data that you have entered.
Once a profile is fully active, you may be contacted in order to identify possibilities of assistance from our end. We may or may not enable or disable job alerts based on your preferences. When you are approached by us in relation to a specific vacancy or a company, you shall be given full disclosure of the companies details and your consent is essential for us to proceed.
Should your profile not show any activity for a period of one (1) calendar year, you will receive an automated email asking you to activate your profile in order to ensure your profile will not be deleted by us. Should you not activate or re-activate your profile for a continuous period of five (5) calendar years, your profile and all data which would have been stored by us will be deleted.
c) Data Retention & Use
Upon creation of your profile, you shall be asked to input some personal data as mentioned in point a) above, for us to be able to get in touch with you. You shall also be asked to upload a CV which may in itself contain other personal data. This data is secured by our system and treated with the maximum degree of security. 
In addition, we may also use different personality assessment methods and qualitative assessments in order to maximise your use of our services. Where you opt to apply directly for a vacancy being advertised on our website, we shall use that information in order to be able to track the progress of your application. We may also conduct meetings and /or telephone calls with you in order to conduct the shortlisting process for any vacancy we may have. For a better understanding on our interview process please click here. Based on your preferences and requirements, we may also use your details to send you job related marketing, re-marketing, digital marketing material and similar promotions via email, SMS or social media. In no circumstances will your data be sold or transferred to any other entity which is not Konnekt Search & Selection Ltd or Integrated Talent Ventures Ltd for any of these marketing purposes. We retain the data on your profile for a period of five (5) years, unless you give us specific consent to retain such data by accepting our privacy policy, as may be updated at that point in time, once again.
d) Information sharing and disclosure
We fully recognize the confidentiality of the data submitted by any candidate and shall hold it in the strictest confidence.
Your application and CV will be directly shared or sent to our clients (prospective employers) to increase your chances of securing the job you want. 
We may disclose your personal information:
(a)      to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b)      in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c)      to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights;
(d)    to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling;
(e) to third party service providers who perform functions on our behalf (including external consultants, business associates and professional advisers such as lawyers, auditors and accountants, technical support functions and IT consultants carrying out testing and development work on our business technology systems);
(f) to third parties who we have retained to provide services such as reference checks to the extent that these checks are appropriate and in accordance with local laws; and
(g)    to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
As part of the services offered to you, the information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored in countries within the European Economic Area (EEA). We will always take reasonable steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected, as outlined in this privacy policy and in accordance with data protection laws. 
e) Deletion or Disabling Data
Should you require at any point in time the deletion of your data, you are free to request that all and any data held by us is deleted by sending an email on info@konnekt.com. We will thereafter and within 24 hours revert to you with a confirmation that all your data has been deleted. Where you have requested the deletion of your data, should you wish to use our services in the future, you will need to re-create your profile with us.
Should you require your profile to be disabled, this would mean that we would retain the data that we have collected but that this data is not used in any way and you are not contacted by us for any purpose. A profile which has been disabled and not re-activated within five (5) years will be deleted upon the expiration of this term. Should you wish to re-activate your profile, you may do so by logging into your profile. There would be no need for the creation of a new profile.
f) Your Rights as a Data Subject
We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access to the Personal Data that you may have provided through your use of the Service. Your principal rights under data protection law are:

the right for information;
the right to access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
the right to withdraw consent.

You may ask for any correction to be made to your data, the deletion of your data as well as put forward a request for access to your data which is stored by us.
A request to delete or disable your data shall not act as a request for access. A separate request for access  would need to be made to us prior to the request for deletion.
You may, at any time request to know what information is held in your regard, if any. You have the right to have any inaccuracies corrected and where applicable erased, if they are not already deleted.
In accordance with Applicable Law, we reserve the right to withhold personal data if disclosing it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
To get in touch about these rights or to learn more, please contact us. We will seek to deal with your request without undue delay, and in any event within one month (subject to any extensions to which we are lawfully entitled). Please note that we may keep a record of your communications to help us resolve any issues which you raise.
g) Data Protection Officer
For any query in relation to GDPR, your data or the way we control, store and manage data please contact us on dpo@konnekt.com. 
h) Links to other Websites
Our site may have a number of links to other Maltese and international organisations and agencies. In some cases, for the benefit of the visitor, it may be required that we link to other websites of other organisations after permission is obtained from them respectively. It is important for you to note that upon linking to another site, you are no longer on our website and you become subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
i) Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Use & Privacy Policy at any time. It is the user’s obligation to review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email or by means of a notice on our homepage. Your continued use of this web site constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Statement and any updates.
j) Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against loss, misuse and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your information. Integrated steps to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of systems and services processing personal information, and will restore the availability and access to information in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident. 
If KONNEKT learns of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using this web site or providing Personal Data to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of this site. We may post a notice on our website if a security breach occurs. jobsinmalta.com may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances.
k) Liability
By agreeing to use this Website or by making use of this Website, you are agreeing to all such terms and conditions provided for in this Privacy Policy as well as other documentation and information found in our website. You therefore agree to waive all rights to holding KONNEKT liable for any claim arising out of or in connection with the processing of your data or the data mentioned herein, unless such data has been fraudulently or negligently processed.
Last updated 17th May 2018 
