
The data collected can be viewed by authorised people across the University of Birmingham, and our suppliers. It may be used to: 

Improve the site by monitoring how you use it
Analyse the popularity and impact of our site
Respond to any feedback you send to us, if you’ve asked us to
Send emails where you’ve requested them or that we’ve highlighted we’ll send to you
Contact you about the University
Provide you with tailored information
Examining trends, or assisting us in the development of courses, events and research
Provide advertising to you
Help answer your questions and solve any issues you have

We know that you’re sharing and trusting us with your information, so we will not sell, licence or trade your personal information to others. However, whilst we do not provide your personal information to direct marketing companies or other such organisations, the University works with a number of third parties, or companies who act as service providers and "data processors" on our behalf. These third parties are experts in their fields and have been chosen by us for their key services, including their ability to handle sensitive data securely.
The instances where the information you provide on our website may be shared are:
Online Learning – For some online learning courses, information may be passed to our online learning partner for recruitment to these courses. The University has a partnership with John Wiley & Sons Ltd. (Wiley) on a number of 100% online postgraduate degrees. Information is shared with Wiley for these courses and is used as set out in this policy.
Digital Advertising – Our partners who provide digital marketing services may use your information to show social media advertising or digital marketing re-targeting to you. These adverts may consist of information and opportunities that we think that you might be interested in at the University.
Personal information provided by you and any other information relating to you, will be held by the University of Birmingham or by one of our trusted service providers.

