Data protection and privacy
VSO is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This policy explains how we will collect, use and disclose information. This policy may change from time to time, so please check this page periodically. 
Personal information and sensitive personal information
SMS terms and conditions
What information is collected?
Who collects the information?
How is the collected information used?
Who is collected information shared with?
How secure is the information collected?
How do I find out more?
Contact us
Personal information and sensitive personal information
Personal information means information that identifies you as an individual, such as:

personal details
family details
lifestyle and social circumstances
financial details
education and employment
visual images, personal appearance and behaviour

Sensitive personal information means information about:

physical or mental health details
racial or ethnic origin
political opinions
religious or other beliefs of a similar nature
offences and alleged offences
criminal proceedings, outcomes and sentences
trade union membership

What information is collected?
We may collect personal information and/or sensitive personal information from you in a variety of ways, including when you submit one of our online forms, for example, our:

volunteer applications
volunteer event registrations
recruitment information such as interviews and assessment notes
fundraising events registrations
donation pledges
fundraising forms
newsletter registrations
requests for information
volunteer feedback forms

We may also collect personal information and/or sensitive personal information when you download resources from our website, complete a survey or if you contact us by email.  In addition we use software to identify which areas of our site are visited most frequently.  This helps us to understand how our website is being used so that we can make it more useful for visitors.  This software uses cookies (text files that identify your computer to our server) and IP addresses (the domain from which you access the Internet) to indicate which pages have been accessed and when. This information is collected automatically. It does not contain any personal information or sensitive personal information, so browsing is anonymous.
Who collects the information?
When you are on the VSO website and are required to submit personal information or sensitive personal information, this is collected by VSO. 
How is the collected information used?
Information collected may be used to:

respond to your request for information
provide you with newsletters or details of events
process your orders and applications
engage you as a volunteer and make any appropriate arrangements
process your donation pledges
keep a record of your contact details
to promote VSO, in the event photographs and video footage are submitted 
contact you with current and future information about our work, events, campaigns and activities, or any other features of VSO described on the website
for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, enhancing, improving or modifying our services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities


as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (1) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (2) to comply with legal process; (3) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (4) to enforce our terms and conditions; (5) to protect our operations; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property and/or that of you or others; and (6) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.


Who is collected information shared with?
We sometimes need to share the personal information we process with the individual themselves and also with other organisations. Where this is necessary we are required to comply with all aspects of the Data Protection Act.  This means that it will be:

processed fairly and lawfully
processed for limited purposes and in an appropriate way
adequate, relevant and not excessive for the purpose
accurate
not kept longer than necessary for the purpose.
processed in line with data subjects' rights
secure
not transferred to people or organisations situated in countries without adequate protection

 What follows is a description of the types of organisations we may need to share some of the personal information we process with for one or more reasons.
Where necessary or required we share information with:

family, associates or representatives of the person whose personal data we are processing
employees
partners
third party service providers
current, past and prospective employers
healthcare, social and welfare organisations
providers of goods and services
educator and examining bodies
financial organisations
employment and recruitment agencies
survey and research organisations
business associates and professional advisers
police forces
local and central government
other companies in the same group as the data controller
other voluntary and charitable organisations

How secure is the information collected?
The security of information collected by VSO is of utmost importance to VSO. We seek to use reasonable organisational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal information, sensitive information and any other information collected by us. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have any reason to believe that any information we hold is no longer secure, please contact us immediately.
Transfers
It may sometimes be necessary to transfer personal information overseas. When this is needed information may be transferred to countries or territories around the world. Any transfers made will be in full compliance with all aspects of the data protection act.
Opting out of communications from us
You have the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from us at the point where we collect information from you and this is usually done by a tick box. If you currently receive communications and would like these to stop, please contact the Supporter Care team on the details below.
How do I find out more?
If you wish to make a request for information that we hold about you, wish to make a complaint or have any other requests or queries, please contact the Supporter Care team on the details below.
A fee is payable by you for the provision of information in relation to a subject access requests. We will keep a record of all data subject access requests made by data subjects and any response issued. 
 
 Contact us
You may contact us at any time by writing to:
Supporter care, VSO International, 100 London Road, Kingston upon Thames, KT2 6QJ.
Email: enquiries@vsoint.org
If you would like to stop receiving communications from us, please contact our supporter care team on:
Telephone: +44 (0)20 8780 7500 
Email: enquiries@vsoint.org
 
