
As ESB captures, stores
and processes your personal information in order to carry out a range of
services and activities, you have a range of rights available to you to give
you confidence that your information is appropriately managed. 

The rights that you have
available to you include:

Gaining access to and copies of your personal data: you are entitled to receive, on request and free of
charge, a copy of all your personal data that we hold. There are some
limitations to this right.  For example,
if the data also relates to another person and we do not have that person’s
consent, or if the data is subject to legal privilege. Where there is data that
we cannot disclose, we will explain this to you.

Ensuring that your data is accurate: our aim is to ensure that the data we hold about you
is correct and up to date. From time to time we may contact you to verify the
information that we hold. You may also contact us to correct any errors that
you notice.

Granting or Removing consent: where we require  your consent for any processing, for example, to provide you with direct
marketing communications, we will clearly explain what the consent is for, and
any consequences of giving or refusing consent, and will provide that consent
can only be given by way of a positive action by you. We will also ensure that
you are able to withdraw any such consent at any time.

Restricting processing of your data: you have the right to
request us to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain
circumstances, for example, if there is a dispute over our rights to carry out
specific processing activities, or where you do not want us to delete
data.  We will respond promptly to your
request and will provide an explanation if we cannot fully comply.

Deletion of your data: in certain circumstances,
you may have the right to have some or all of your personal data deleted from
our records. This is sometimes referred to as the “right to be forgotten”. This
may occur if, for example, we retain data which is no longer required by us, or
if you withdraw a consent.  If you
continue to have a relationship with us, we must retain the data we need to
manage this relationship. We will respond promptly to your request, and provide
reasons if we object to the deletion of any of your personal data.

Moving your data: where it is possible for us to provide it, you have
the right to receive a digital copy of the personal data that you have provided
to us. 

International
Transfers of Data: in certain circumstances, we may transfer your personal
information internationally, including outside of the European Economic Area
(EEA). Should we do this, we ensure that all transfers are made in accordance
with data protection law and that your data it will be given an equivalent
level of protection that it has when it is being managed in Ireland.  

