
Product & Privacy Policies

Handling of personal data
Customer data policy
Domain Expiration Policy
One.com customer service handling process
Abuse
Special conditions for the individual top level domains

Handling of personal data
Why Customer Privacy matters to One.com
The customer’s right to privacy is of great importance to One.com. One.com recognizes that when a customer chooses to provide One.com with personal information and data, the customer places confidence in our ability to handle customer privacy in a responsible manner.
One.com acting as data controller
One.com acts as data controller for you as our customer, and for any personal information you provide upon registering to and using our service. We have the responsibility as data controller for this information.
We refer to our Privacy Notice for info on our collection and use of your personal data.
One.com acting as data processor
If you store personal information on our servers One.com will act as data processor for this information. As our customer, you are the data controller for this data and will need a Data Processor Agreement (DPA) with us.
Here you can find our 
			Data Processing Agreement
		 which will apply to all our customers in the European Union that are using us to process personal data.
Together with our updated privacy policies, this will be the foundation you need when processing personal data on our systems.
Note that if you only use our services for processing of personal data for purely personal or household activities and you are a natural individual then the EU Privacy Regulation does not apply to you and you do not need a DPA.
We encourage you to keep your personal details updated
The customer can help One.com to improve the effectiveness and quality of service by keeping One.com notified of any changes to the customer’s name, address, phone number or email address. The customer can do this by updating the customer’s personal details when logged into the customer’s One.com control panel.
Customer data policy
Customer Data
By Customer data is meant any information the customer has placed on his/her web space at One.com, for example emails, internet pages, photos and database content.
To the extent that the customer is processing personal data as a data controller, we refer to the above One.com acting as data processor paragraph.
The Customer’s Data on the Account
Registration of a domain through One.com makes the customer the owner of the domain. The customer maintains all rights to the content that the customer places on his/her One.com web space. The templates and images placed at disposal by One.com, remains property of One.com. However, One.com does not claim any rights to the content that the customer has placed on the account. The account holder is on the other hand legally responsible for the content placed on the account.
One.com does not form any opinion or perform any legal review of the content on a customer’s web space account. However, in case of obvious illegal content for example child pornography, phishing attempts or the like, One.com will act as a responsible company and inform the relevant authorities. In all other cases One.com will take action if an EU or US court or another relevant authority orders One.com to do so.
The Customer’s Responsibility for the Account at One.com
The customer should always log out of any account when finishing a session, to ensure that others cannot access the customer’s private personal information. The customer should take this precaution even if the customer is not using a public computer at a library, an internet café or the like.
Data Security
One.com recognizes the special responsibility that comes with the hosting of personal data on customer’s web space accounts. We want our customers to consider One.com a trusted place for data storage. The One.com data center is therefore designed to meet the highest standards of security. All customer data and One.com’s system data are secured through a daily remote backup of all servers via a private 10 Gbit fibre connection to a separate backup data center located 10 km from the main data center.
The daily backup secures our customers’ web spaces against data loss. The backup includes all web spaces, regardless of type or size. Backup is a precaution against data loss caused by errors within One.com’s control. Consequently, unless the reason for the data loss is outside One.com’s control, we are able to recover all content after a potential failure. When restoring from a backup, the whole server and all web spaces on the server will be restored to their state prior to the failure.
Domain Expiration Policy
Generic Top Level domains and .uk / .co.uk / .me.uk / .org.uk domain names
One.com renews the registration of a domain name prior to its expiration, provided that the registrant of the domain complies with One.com’s terms of payment.
Domain expiration notification
Prior to the expiration of a gTLD, One.com notifies the registrant of the domain twice with instructions for renewing the domain name. The first notice is sent via email approximately one month prior to expiration. The second notice is sent via email approximately one week prior to expiration. 
Post-expiration notification
If a domain registration is not renewed by the registrant, then within five days after the expiration, One.com sends an additional expiration notice to the registrant of the domain with instructions for restoring the domain name.
Expiration notification content
One.com sends the notifications of expiration via email to the domain registrant in the language of the registration agreement. All relevant details regarding expiration date, domain renewal and recommended action, are clearly available by simply opening the notification email.
Redemption grace period
One.com offers a redemption grace period of 30 days after the expiration of a gTLD. During the redemption grace period, DNS is disabled for the domain and the domain cannot be transferred. One.com may restore the domain on request by the registrant of the domain during the redemption grace period. The fee to restore the domain is indicated in the One.com price list.
This Domain Expiration Policy sets out One.com’s Expired Registration Recovery Procedure (ERRP) for gTLDs as requested by ICANN and for .uk/.co.uk/.me.uk/.org.uk domain names. Different domain expiration policies may apply to other TLDs.
Links

One.com prices
Registrant Educational Materials (ICANN)
Registrants’ Benefits and Responsibilities (ICANN)

One.com customer service handling process
How we handle customer queries

		
		If you have any questions, please contact our customer support. Within five minutes of receiving your query on support@one.com or sales@one.com, we will send you an automatic confirmation email. Within 24 hours, you will receive a response from a customer support representative.
	
Our process for handling customer complaints
1. Contact One.com Support or Sales
In the first instance you should contact our support. For queries regarding sales and subscription, please contact One.com Sales. For technical issues, please contact our Customer Support. We will respond to your query within 24 hours.
2. Contact our Customer Care team
If you are not satisfied with the response that you have received from the One.com Sales team, please address your case to our Customer Care team. 
Our Customer Care team will review your case carefully and will come up with a solution within two working days.
3. Contact our Support Manager
If you are not satisfied with the response that you have received from the Customer Care team, you can escalate your case to the support manager. 
All escalated complaints should include the following information: Your name, contact details, domain name or order number and a clear description of your complaint. Please write "Complaint" in the subject line of your email.
The support manager will acknowledge your complaint within two working days of receipt and would aim to respond to you within five working days.
4. Submit a complaint for online dispute resolution
A complaint about a product or service purchased from One.com may be submitted to the European Commission’s online dispute resolution portal: http://ec.europa.eu/odr.
When filing a complaint, please provide our email address: service@one.com.
Regarding .uk / .co.uk / .me.uk / .org.uk domain names
If you are not happy with the response you have received from our support manager and if you think that we are breaching the Registrar Agreement, please follow Nominet’s complaints procedure.
Abuse
How we handle reports of abuse

	
	As an ICANN accredited registrar, we take reports about abuse very seriously. 
	Please, contact us if you want to report abuse.
	One.com will review all complaints for validity and process your request as soon as possible.
	

	Special conditions for the individual top level domains
Use of .de domains

		When registering or transferring .de domains, One.com acts solely as intermediary between the domain owner and DENIC (Domain Verwaltungs- und Betriebsgesellschaft eG) (cf. http://www.denic.de/)
	
Use of .dk domains

		The domain owner accepts that continued registration is conditional, among other things, on compliance with the current DIFO rules concerning the administration of domain names under the top level domain .dk, including the decisions made by the board of complaints set up by DIFO, cf. article 5 of the rules (cf. http://www.dk-hostmaster.dk/)
	
Use of .nl domains

		The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .nl domain name, he or she agrees to abide by SIDN’s current rules governing the administration of domain names under the top level domain .nl (cf. https://www.one.com/static/terms/regulations-registration.pdf)
	
Use of .se/.nu domains

		By registering or transferring a .se/.nu domain name, One.com is the link between the domain owner and IIS.se (The Internet Infrastructure Foundation), and the domain owner agrees to abide by IIS.se’s current rules governing the administration of domain names under the top-level domain .se/.nu conf:IIS terms & conditions for .seIIS terms & conditions for .nuIIS privacy policy for .seIIS privacy policy for .nuOne.com .se registrar

Use of .uk domains

		The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .uk domain name, he or she agrees to abide by Nominet’s current rules governing the administration of domain names under the top level domain .uk (cf. https://www.nominet.uk/resources/complaints/)
	

		For domain names other than those mentioned on this page, reference is made to the rules of the individual top level domains. If the domain owner does not comply with the rules of the relevant domain, One.com is entitled to effect deletion of the customer’s web space.
	
Use of .rio domains

		The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .rio domain name, he or she agrees to abide by .rio Launch and Registration Policies (cf. http://nic.rio/english/policies/)
	
Use of .be domains

    		The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .be domain name, he or she agrees to abide by DNS.be’s Terms and Conditions for .be (cf. http://www.dnsbelgium.be/en/documents/enduser-terms-and-conditions-be/)
    	
Use of generic top level domains

		The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a generic top level domain name to One.com, he or she agrees to abide by the One.com Domain Registration Agreement (cf. http://www.one.com/en/domain-registration-agreement)
	
Use of other domains

		For domain names other than the above, reference is made to the rules of the individual top level domains.
	
Payment conditions

		Regarding the special payment conditions for the individual domains please see https://help.one.com/hc/articles/115005595625.
	

