Salesforce DMP (formerly branded as Krux) (“Salesforce DMP,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “Company”) provides a technology platform designed to help website operators manage and protect consumer data. Our overarching goal is to make digital media less creepy and more productive for consumers, publishers, and advertisers. That's why we take data privacy and data piracy very seriously. This privacy policy applies to Salesforce DMP websites, including https://www.salesforce.com/form/demo/dmp-marketing-request-demo.jsp (the “Salesforce DMP Site”) and to our technology platform (the “Platform”).  This privacy policy describes how we collect, receive, use, and share personal information on the Salesforce DMP Site and our Platform, as well as choices regarding use, access, and correction of personal information.
Salesforce DMP is not in the business of setting industry standards, but we do all that we can to advance industry dialogue and improve standards of practice. We provide a Platform that enables our customers to manage their digital data subject to their own privacy policies. In that way, we enable our customers to manage their data in a responsible way, and we empower consumers to better understand what data is collected via the Platform and how it is used.
We are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and adhere to the 2018 NAI Code of Conduct. We also adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) in the U.S. and Canada (“DAAC”), and to the standards regulated by the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”). We seek to maintain alignment with standards established by industry groups such as the Interactive Advertising Bureau (“IAB”), NAI, and DAA, and we are members in good standing of the IAB, NAI, and EDAA.
Salesforce DMP Website
The Salesforce DMP Site is primarily directed to our customers (our “Customers”) and prospective customers, which are generally businesses. We don’t collect non-pseudonymized personal data such as email addresses or telephone numbers from the Salesforce DMP Site unless it is provided to us. For example, a user may choose to send us an email that contains their personal data, or download a white paper, in which case we’ll ask for contact information such as their name, company name, email, and telephone number in order to process the user’s request. Our Customers typically provide non-pseudonymized personal data in order to set-up an account with us, including their name, home or business address, email address, and/or telephone number.  We use the non-pseudonymized personal data we’re provided to answer questions, send requested information, and/or to service our Customers’ accounts. We also collect pseudonymized personal data from the Salesforce DMP Site. Pseudonymized personal data is information that cannot by itself be used to directly identify a particular person or entity, and may include an IP host address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of a visit to a website, the referring URL, and a computer or device’s operating system. We do not enable our Platform on the sections of the Salesforce DMP Site that enable our Customers to login and manage their accounts, nor is the technology employed within the Platform (e.g., the user interface).
Salesforce DMP Technology Platform
Salesforce DMP is an agent working under the direction of our Clients which are generally website and/or mobile application owners or operators that use our Platform. We offer a data management Platform that collects Non-PII from Internet users when they visit the website or mobile applications of one or more of our Clients (the "Client Site" or “Client App”, collectively, the “Client Site(s) and App(s)”). We don’t place PII on the Platform nor do we allow our Clients to do so. We may set additional rules for our Clients regarding how information is collected and used on the Platform, but such data is collected and used subject to the individual privacy policy for each Client. We use a number of different technologies to maintain user state, collect data, and to help us operate the Platform and describe some of them below.
HTTP Cookies
Salesforce DMP uses cookies in connection with the Platform, including on the Salesforce DMP Site and Customer Sites. Cookies are small, often encrypted text files, located in browser directories. All Salesforce DMP cookies other than the Salesforce DMP Opt-Out cookie expire automatically if the user has not visited the Customer Site of any of our Customers for six (6) months. When a user visits one of our Customer Sites, the user is assigned a unique, pseudonymized Salesforce DMP user ID that is placed into an HTTP cookie which is then placed on that user’s computer or device.
HTML5 Cookies
Salesforce DMP uses HTML5 cookies in connection with the Platform, including on the Salesforce DMP Site and Customer Sites. An HTML5 cookie is also known as HTML5 Web storage and is an alternative to the commonly used HTTP browser cookie. Salesforce DMP uses HTML5 cookies as a backup storage mechanism to HTTP cookies; storing both ad targeting data (such as pages viewed and browsing habits) as well as user opt-outs in both HTTP and HTML5 cookies.
Statistical Identifiers
Salesforce DMP is experimenting with the use of statistical identifiers in connection with the Platform, including on the Salesforce DMP Site and some Customer Sites where requested by Customers. Statistical identifiers are created using pseudonymized personal data about computers and mobiles devices such as the operating system, user-agent string, IP address, Internet browser, installed fonts, and similar information. This information makes your computer or device distinct enough for our systems to determine within a reasonable probability that they are encountering the same computer or device. Statistical identifiers enable users to be uniquely identified via the Platform, enabling the Platform to store ad targeting, analytics, and other data. If you want to see whether Salesforce DMP is using a Statistical Identifier on the browser you are currently using, please visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/.
Pixel Tags
We also use pixel tags in connection with the Platform, including on the Salesforce DMP Site and Customer Sites. Pixel tags (also known as web beacons) are small strings of html or JavaScript code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a Web page or other document. Pixel tags may be used to obtain information about the computer or device being used to view a particular Web page such as the IP address of the computer or device to which the pixel tag is sent, the time it was sent, the computer or device’s operating system and browser type, and similar information.
Mobile Device Identifiers
Salesforce DMP uses and stores mobile device identifiers such as the Android Advertising ID and Apple iOS IDFA in connection with the Platform only in the event Customers ask Salesforce DMP to collect and store information via Customer Apps. Mobile device identifiers enable users to be uniquely identified via the Platform, enabling the Platform to store ad targeting data.
How we Collect and Use De-identified and/or Pseudonymized Personal Data via our Technology Platform
Salesforce DMP offers a technology Platform for website and mobile application operators, and we utilize the Platform when users visit the Salesforce DMP Site. When a user visits the website or mobile application of one of our Customers (the “Customer Site” or “Customer App,” collectively, the “Customer Site(s) and App(s)”), the Customer collects and transfers to Salesforce DMP and/or enables Salesforce DMP to collect pseudonymized personal data related to that user’s visits to the website or mobile app (our Customer’s “Session Data”). It is entirely under Customer’s control whether and to what extent the Platform collects Session Data. This Session Data may include information about how the user came to the Customer Site and App, which search engines they use, the search terms used to find the Customer Site, their experience on the Customer Site and App, information about how they interact with the Customer Site and App, demographic information that the Customer has collected from that user and other visitors, data from third-party data providers, and information regarding how users interact with advertisements on the Customer Site and App.  Additionally, browsers automatically send certain standard information to every website a user visits, such as an IP address, browser type and language settings, access times, and referring website addresses. This information is collected during visits to each Customer Site and App, including the Salesforce DMP Site. We make Session Data accessible only to each individual Customer. The Customer typically uses this data on our Platform to deliver targeted advertising campaigns both on the Customer Site and App as well as off their sites and apps. For example, Customers may use the Platform to help them find interested users and to deliver ads that attempt to bring those users back to the Customer’s Site and App.  Where our systems can reasonably infer that a particular computer and/or mobile device belong to the same user or household, we may store such information for use on the Platform. The data stored on our Platform may be combined with third-party data (for example, geolocation data provided by a vendor) in order to better target advertisements, to enable Customers to better understand users across multiple computers and devices, and for ad delivery and reporting purposes.
While Salesforce DMP does not allow non-pseudonymized personal data directly onto the Platform, we do receive non-pseudonymized personal data from Customers outside of the Platform. Customers may submit the personal data as part of an onboarding process whereby Customer engages a third-party technology partner to pseudonymize the personal data prior to import onto the Platform.
Salesforce DMP does not directly share pseudonymized personal data with either partners or third parties.  Customers may choose to share their pseudonymized personal data with others at their discretion, and Salesforce DMP may assist them to share user data collected on those Customer Sites and Apps. Reporting is done at the aggregate level, with no user-level information accessible.
How we Use and Share Personal Data
We aim to keep non-pseudonymized personal data off of our Platform and do not intentionally collect non-pseudonymized personal data via the Platform. As described above, we may obtain non-pseudonymized personal data when visitors to the Salesforce DMP Site choose to provide it. For Customers who have set-up an account with Salesforce DMP, we use the non-pseudonymized personal data we have to administer their account. When Customers terminate their accounts, Salesforce DMP removes their pseudonymized personal data from our systems within a reasonable time following such termination, subject to our right to retain (i) copies of transactions between the Customer and Salesforce DMP and related payment information, (ii) information relating to any dispute or potential fraud, (iii) any additional information that in Salesforce DMP’s discretion we need to keep to protect our legal rights or the rights of others.
From time to time, Salesforce DMP engages with partners to perform services on behalf of Salesforce DMP or other Customers who use our services, in order to perform requested services. For example, we may provide information to corporate affiliates, or to third parties under contract with Salesforce DMP (“Contracted Parties”) to provide services such as credit card verification and processing, fraud detection and prevention, or data hosting.  In all cases, Contracted Parties are contractually required to maintain the confidentiality of personal data and may not use it for purposes other than performing the specific services on behalf of Salesforce DMP.
Other than such disclosures to Contracted Parties, Salesforce DMP may also disclose personal data if such disclosure is required for Salesforce DMP to comply with valid and binding legal requirements, to protect Salesforce DMP's rights or property (or that of Salesforce DMP Customers), and/or where needed to protect personal safety.  For example, Salesforce DMP may be required to disclose information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.  We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. In the event we are required to disclose information in response to legal process or a government request, we will attempt to notify affected users for which we have contact information, to the extent we are legally permitted to do so.
Finally, Salesforce DMP may transfer information, including any pseudonymized personal data, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. If Salesforce DMP is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, users will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Salesforce DMP Site of any change in ownership or uses of pseudonymized personal data, as well as any choices users may have regarding their pseudonymized personal data. We may disclose your personal information to any third party with your prior consent.
Children, Sensitive Data
In accordance with industry standards and law (e.g., the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) regulations in the U.S.), we do not knowingly collect, administer, or enable the commercial use of personal data relating to children less than 13 years of age. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with any information that would require compliance with the COPPA, then we will delete this information from our databases.
Salesforce DMP does not knowingly collect, use, or store any sensitive information on our technology Platform.  Sensitive information (“Sensitive Data”) includes certain types of information associated with a specific individual, such as Social Security Numbers or other Government-issued identifiers, financial account numbers, sexual orientation, religion, actual knowledge of an individual's past, present, or potential future health or medical conditions or treatments (such as diabetes, heart attacks, etc.) including genetic, genomic, and family medical history, and actual knowledge of or inferences based on certain sensitive health conditions (e.g., cancer, STDs). Sensitive Data also includes information deemed sensitive by a particular jurisdiction. For example, laws of the European Union, Australia, and Canada have additional restrictions on the use of Sensitive Data as defined by those jurisdictions. Salesforce DMP imposes rules around delivering targeted advertisements via our Platform based upon knowledge of precise medical conditions or other Sensitive Data.  Customers may request that Salesforce DMP collect non-sensitive data for items such as skin care products, diet pills, allergies medications, and cold and flu treatments in order to target advertisements and as otherwise specified by each Customer’s privacy policy.
Your Choices
Ability to Opt-Out
Browser Opt-out - Salesforce DMP offers a one click web browser opt-out solution for users who wish to opt-out here. If you choose to opt-out, Salesforce DMP deletes any targeting data it may have for your browser, and we will no longer enable our Customers to target that browser using our technology Platform.  You will likely still receive generic advertisements, but Salesforce DMP technology will have no input or impact on tailoring those ads to be more relevant to your interests.  Please note that if you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, or if you use a different computer, device or Internet browser, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. Also, because we utilize HTML5 cookies to record your opt-out choice, it may take an additional visit to one of our Customers’ websites for your opt-out choice to go into effect. To the extent that a particular browser and a mobile device are linked via our Platform, opting out will sever the link. If you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.
We also partner with third parties to display advertising on our Website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here, or if located in the European Union click here. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
Mobile App Opt-out - Salesforce DMP honors the mobile device settings for Android and Apple iOS devices. To exercise this opt-out, please visit the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and select “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android). On devices where we see that such a selection has been made, we will no longer collect data from that device, nor will we target that mobile device via the Salesforce DMP Platform. To the extent that a particular browser and a mobile device are linked via our Platform, opting out will sever the link.  You may also find additional information about delivering targeted advertising to mobile devices and your choices with respect to Salesforce DMP and other companies who are members of the self-regulatory organizations below.
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
 http://www.aboutads.info/choices 
http://www.youronlinechoices.com 
Do Not Track - Some web browsers offer a mechanism, known as a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signal, that allows a user to elect to stop the collection of certain browsing data by websites and technology companies. Currently, the standards regarding the DNT signals and appropriate responses are not defined.  As a result, Salesforce DMP is experimenting with DNT and may place an opt-out cookie on computers or other devices when we see a valid DNT signal.
Delete Personal Data/Access – While we don’t knowingly obtain non-pseudonymized personal data via our technology Platform, if you’ve provided Salesforce DMP with personal data via the Website (e.g., by signing up for a product demonstration or white paper, sending us an email, or by registering with Salesforce DMP as a Customer), Salesforce DMP provides the ability for users to obtain and correct or request destruction of information maintained by Salesforce DMP by sending an email to privacy@salesforce.com or by contacting us at the address noted below. We will answer these requests within a reasonable time. For information that we are storing on behalf of our Customers, the Salesforce DMP has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data we’re processing.  An individual who seeks to access, or who seeks to correct, amend or delete such data, should direct his or her query to our Customer and, if requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Data Retention / Minimization
Salesforce DMP stores customer contact information such as email address or billing details so long as you continue to have a business relationship with us. You may ask us to delete that information by following the instructions above.
Our cookies and similar tracking technologies expire six months from the last time our systems encounter a particular computer or device.
Security
We take commercially reasonable efforts to maintain security protections in accordance with industry practices to protect data we collect from loss, alteration, destruction, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. We have policies to help maintain control and physical security of the facilities used to store data, only allow access to authorized personnel, and restrict access to data to those employees, contractors and agents that have a need to know the information in order to provide and support our services. All Salesforce DMP employees are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to disciplinary or legal action if they fail to meet these responsibilities.
We process information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purposes for which it was collected. To the extent necessary for those purposes, we take reasonable steps to ensure that any information in our care is accurate, complete, current, and reliable for its intended use.    We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Personal Data From the European Union (EU) or Switzerland
Salesforce DMP adheres to the principles of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. You can view a description of how we comply with the Privacy Shield Principles in our Privacy Shield Notice. Information about the Privacy Shield principles can be found on the US Department of Commerce website.  A violation of Salesforce DMP’s commitment to Privacy Shield may be investigated by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view our certification page, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List, https://www.privacyshield.gov. If Salesforce DMP received personal data about you from the EU or Switzerland, pursuant to Privacy Shield you have the following rights and options in addition to those explained elsewhere in this policy:

Access. You have the right to ask Salesforce DMP whether it has received personal information about you from the EU or Switzerland and, if so, what data Salesforce DMP has received.  Although Salesforce DMP will attempt in good faith to respond to your request, it may not be able to provide the requested information in all situations.  For example, Salesforce DMP may not be able to provide the information that you request if it imposes an undue burden or expense, requires Salesforce DMP to release confidential commercial information, or requires the disclosure of information relating to another person.  You can submit a request for information via privacy@salesforce.com, or via mail to Attn: Salesforce DMP Privacy, 50 Fremont Street, Floor 40, San Francisco, CA 94105.

Correction.  You have the right to ask Salesforce DMP to correct the personal information that it receives about you from the EU or Switzerland.  Although Salesforce DMP will attempt in good faith to respond to requests to correct information, it may not be able to make the correction in all situations.  For example, Salesforce DMP may not be able to correct information about you if it would impose an undue burden or expense, or require Salesforce DMP to change information relating to another person. You can submit a request to correct information via privacy@salesforce.com, or via mail to Attn: Salesforce DMP Privacy, 50 Fremont Street, Floor 40, San Francisco, CA 94105.

Onward transfer.  As discussed above, Salesforce DMP may share information with third parties that provide Salesforce DMP with service.  The Salesforce DMP is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Salesforce DMP complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.  If such an entity takes an action that is contrary to the principles of the EU-US Privacy Shield or Swiss-US Privacy Shield, Salesforce DMP shall be liable for those actions unless it can prove that it was not responsible for causing such actions.

Inquiries and Complaints:  Salesforce DMP has committed to attempt to resolve privacy complaints under the EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles. You may direct any inquiries or complaints concerning our Privacy Shield compliance to privacy@salesforce.com. Salesforce will respond within 45 days. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. If neither Salesforce nor our dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel, as described on the Privacy Shield Website: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint.   

Changes, questions, and communication
From time to time, we may update this privacy policy to reflect changes in industry standards or evolving legal requirements when necessary, and all changes will comply with regulatory, legal, and industry standards. Please review this privacy policy from time to time to remain informed regarding how Salesforce DMP is protecting your information.  If we decide to utilize information about you for a purpose that is significantly different from the one described in this privacy policy, or that was conveyed to you, we will give you the chance to consent to have your data used in that way (e.g., opt-in).
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, or if you would like additional information, please contact us at privacy@salesforce.com, or via mail to Attn: Salesforce DMP Privacy, 50 Fremont Street, Floor 40, San Francisco, CA 94105.
If we are required to contact you concerning your information, we may do so, if permitted by law, via email, telephone, and/or mail.
 
Last Updated: June 12, 2018
Opt-Out
