
Games Done Quick LLC, (Games Done Quick), is committed to keeping any and all personal information
               collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services
               accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure
               those affiliated with Games Done Quick LLC of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only
               to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.

THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Games Done Quick LLC,
                                                   and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage
                                                   thereof. Through the use of https://gamesdonequick.com
                                                   you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed
                                                   within this agreement.
            


                    Jump To 



Collection of Information
This website collects various types of information, such as:

Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or
                    credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to
                    deliver the services you have requested.
                
Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third
                    party tracking technologies, country scale geolocation and server logs.
                


                Please rest assured that this site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and
                willingly provide by way of surveys, completed membership forms, and emails. It is the intent of this
                site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses
                specifically provided on this site.
            

                Games Done Quick LLC may have the occasion to collect anonymous demographic information, such as age and
                gender at a later time. We may also gather information about the type of browser you are using, IP
                address or type of operating system to assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
            

                It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any
                website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites
                garner, make use of and share information collected.
            

Use of Information Collected

                Games Done Quick LLC may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of
                our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it
                necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible
                products and/or services that may be available to you from https://gamesdonequick.com.
                Games Done Quick LLC may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research
                questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
            

                Games Done Quick LLC does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of our customer
                lists and/or names to any third parties.
            

                Games Done Quick LLC may deem it necessary to follow websites and/or pages that our users may frequent
                in an effort to glean what types of services and/or products may be the most popular to customers or the
                general public.
            

                Games Done Quick LLC may disclose your personal information, without prior notice to you, to third parties, such as our charity
                partners and beneficiaries, in order to allow these third parties to communicate with you about their programs, services, and
                activities, and to provide information that they believe may be of interest to you. Otherwise, Games Done Quick LLC may disclose your
                personal information, without prior notice to you, only if
                required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is
                deemed necessary or is required in an effort to:
            

Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any
                    process which may be served upon Games Done Quick LLC and/or our website;
                
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of Games Done Quick LLC; and
safeguard the personal safety of users of https://gamesdonequick.com
                    and/or the general public.
                


Children Under Age of 13

                Games Done Quick LLC does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under
                the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information
                has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the
                necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system's database. Anyone under the
                age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
            

Unsubscribe or Opt-Out

                All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us
                and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To
                discontinue or unsubscribe to our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to
                unsubscribe@gamesdonequick.com. If you wish to
                unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to
                unsubscribe and/or opt-out.
            

Links to Other Web Sites

                Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. Games Done Quick LLC does not claim nor
                accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites.
                Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the
                privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The
                aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our
                website.
            

Security

                Games Done Quick LLC shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical,
                procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as
                to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal
                information under our control.
            

                The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an
                effort to build users' trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and
                secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.
            

Governing Law
This Privacy Policy Agreement and the privacy practices of Games Done Quick LLC will be subject
               exclusively to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia within the United States of America, excluding
               its conflict of laws provisions, and you submit to personal jurisdiction in Virginia. The parties
               irrevocably agree that the state and federal courts located in the Commonwealth of Virginia, U.S.A. shall
               have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with this
               Privacy Policy Agreement. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY. Games Done Quick LLC makes no
               representation that this Privacy Policy Agreement and such practices comply with the laws of any other
               state or country. Visitors who use our website and reside outside the United States do so on their own
               initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are
               applicable. If you reside outside of the United States, by using our website, you consent to the transfer
               and use of your information outside your country.
            

Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement

                Games Done Quick LLC reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as
                such we will post those change to our website homepage at https://gamesdonequick.com,
                so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be
                used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time
                Games Done Quick LLC decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner
                vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or
                users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not
                to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
            

Acceptance of Terms

                Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the
                aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then
                you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website
                following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in
                agreement and acceptance of such changes.
            

How to Contact Us

                If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website,
                please feel free to contact us at the following email or telephone number.
            
Email: management@gamesdonequick.com

Telephone Number: (614) 733-9466
Document last updated: 06/20/2017

