
Games Done Quick LLC, (Games Done Quick), is committed to keeping any and all personal information
collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services
accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure
those affiliated with Games Done Quick LLC of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only
to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.

THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Games Done Quick LLC,
and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage
thereof. Through the use of https://gamesdonequick.com
you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed
within this agreement.



Jump To 



Collection of Information
This website collects various types of private information:

Voluntarily provided information from registration and attendance:

Full Name
Email
Birthdate
Credit Card (Via payment processor: Stripe. We do not store this information.)
Phone Number
Emergency Contact Name
Emergency Contact Number
Names of Children if attending with user to an event

Voluntarily provided private information from donations and/or prize rewards:

Full Name
Country of origin (via PayPal)
Email
Postal Address (via PayPal or Sweepstakes entry/claim)
Required tax forms such as a USA IRS W9 form, or a W8-BEN for international users (prize rewards only)


Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third
party tracking technologies, country scale geolocation and server logs. Server logs containing
user data are not stored more than 6 months.



Please rest assured that this site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and
willingly provide by way of surveys, completed forms, and emails. It is the intent of this
site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses
specifically provided on this site.


Games Done Quick LLC may have the occasion to collect anonymous demographic information, such as age and
gender at a later time. We may also gather information about the type of browser you are using, IP
address or type of operating system to assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.


It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any
website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites
garner, make use of and share information collected.

Information collected is stored on servers maintained by Games Done Quick LLC. Information related to
donations will also be received, and stored by the charity's PayPal account. Information related to
credit card transactions during event registration may be stored with Stripe, our credit card processor. IP
addresses may be stored by CloudFlare.

Use of Information Collected

Games Done Quick LLC may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of
our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it
necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible
products and/or services that you may have used or purchased from https://gamesdonequick.com.
Games Done Quick LLC may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research
questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered. All such contact
is only initiated by the user (via submission of a survey, form, or registration to the event). Games Done Quick LLC
does not maintain an active mailing list. You may unsubscribe from receiving emails from us by simply ceasing use
of our service.


Games Done Quick LLC does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of our customer
private information and/or names to any third parties.


Games Done Quick LLC may deem it necessary to follow websites and/or pages that our users may frequent
in an effort to glean what types of services and/or products may be the most popular to customers or the
general public.


Games Done Quick LLC may disclose your personal information, without prior notice to you, to third parties, such as our charity
partners and beneficiaries, in order to allow these third parties to communicate with you about their programs, services, and
activities, and to provide information that they believe may be of interest to you. Otherwise, Games Done Quick LLC may disclose your
personal information, without prior notice to you, only if
required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is
deemed necessary or is required in an effort to:


Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any
process which may be served upon Games Done Quick LLC and/or our website;

Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of Games Done Quick LLC; and
safeguard the personal safety of users of https://gamesdonequick.com
and/or the general public.



Children Under Age of 13

Games Done Quick LLC does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under
the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information
has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the
necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system's database. Anyone under the
age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.


General GDPR Rights and Information
In addition to any stated use and rights in this document, the following apply to those who
are eligible for additional rights under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation of the EU)
If you wish to exercise your rights in a way that is not currently facilitated by the website,
please contact management at management@gamesdonequick.com.
Please ensure to provide necessary details to identify yourself. We may require additional proof of ID, as
specified by the GDPR, in order to confirm your identity as the owner of the account or information.
Right to Be Forgotten
All private information required by law to be stored, will be retained even in the event of exercising this right.
We will also maintain any private information we require in order to identify you in the event of that you are
banned from our events or website, or violate a law in a way that involves Games Done Quick LLC or its staff, volunteers,
vendors, beneficiaries, etc.
Note that much of your private information can be scrambled or erased in your account profile without any
input necessary from us. 
Note that exercising this right may affect your ability to use our services or attend our events in the future.
In the absence of exercising such rights, all private information will be stored indefinitely, except server logs. Required information will
be stored for as long as the information is legally viable.
Right to Your Information
You may request a copy of the private information we maintain. Please contact management at management@gamesdonequick.com if you wish to exercise this right.
Right to Updated Information
Most private information may be updated via our website. Some forms of information are not eligible for updating (such as legal
documents or financial transactions). If there is a type of private information you wish to update but are unable to do so
via the website, please contact management at management@gamesdonequick.com.
Profiling or Automated Decision Making
Games Done Quick LLC does not perform any type of profiling on user data, except where legally required (example being age
restrictions) or when necessary to protect the company, the staff, its volunteers, vendors, beneficiaries, etc.
Private user information is not used in automated decision making. Sweepstakes are run on a purely blind random chance.


Links to Other Web Sites

Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. Games Done Quick LLC does not claim nor
accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites.
Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the
privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The
aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our
website.


Security

Games Done Quick LLC shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical,
procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as
to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal
information under our control.


The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an
effort to build users' trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and
secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.


Governing Law
This Privacy Policy Agreement and the privacy practices of Games Done Quick LLC will be subject
exclusively to the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia within the United States of America, excluding
its conflict of laws provisions, and you submit to personal jurisdiction in Virginia. The parties
irrevocably agree that the state and federal courts located in the Commonwealth of Virginia, U.S.A. shall
have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with this
Privacy Policy Agreement. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY. Games Done Quick LLC makes no
representation that this Privacy Policy Agreement and such practices comply with the laws of any other
state or country. Visitors who use our website and reside outside the United States do so on their own
initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are
applicable. If you reside outside of the United States, by using our website, you consent to the transfer
and use of your information outside your country.


Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement

Games Done Quick LLC reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as
such we will post those change to our website homepage at https://gamesdonequick.com,
so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be
used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time
Games Done Quick LLC decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner
vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or
users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not
to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.


Acceptance of Terms

Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the
aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then
you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website
following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in
agreement and acceptance of such changes.


How to Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website,
please feel free to contact us at the following email or telephone number.

Email: management@gamesdonequick.com

Telephone Number: Area Code: 513 Number: 486—4437 
Document last updated: 05/24/2018

