

    The privacy and security of our visitors is a top priority at TriFind.com. We 
    have provided the following statement to make you aware of our policies 
    regarding the information we receive from you. This policy is subject to change.
 
What personal information is gathered? 

        When you register with TriFind.com, we will ask you for certain personal 
        information such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, etc.
    

         

How do we utilize the information you provide us? 


        We may use such information to respond to any inquiries you submit. We may keep 
        a copy of any correspondence.
    

         

We do not share e-mail addresses we have on file. We respect your right to 
        privacy by removing your name from the mailing lists we share at your request. 
    

         

        Personal information, excluding credit card numbers, that you offer is collected 
        for future customer updates that are specifically aimed at your preferences.
    

         

Cookies and how we use them 

        A cookie is a text file containing a unique ID number that is transferred from 
        the web site to your computer's browser. This allows the web site to track site 
        navigation by its visitors. A cookie does not allow us to access any information 
        about you that you have not previously volunteered.
    

         

        TriFind.com uses cookies to:
    

        Enable you to use the site features such as "My Tri Find". If you prefer to not accept cookies on your browser you may not be 
        able to use certain features of the site.
    

         

        Measure site usage. With the data collected in following the navigation of our 
        visitors, we can get a better idea of their interests and needs. This helps us 
        identify ways to improve our site by adding products and services that will 
        benefit you.
    

         

        Cookies are in use on most major web sites today. Most browsers are already set 
        to accept cookies; however, you may choose to reset your browser. Please 
        understand that certain areas within our web sites may not perform correctly if 
        your browser will not accept cookies.
    

         

Our commitment to security
        At TriFind.com, we have electronic and internal policy procedures in place to 
        guarantee the privacy of all of your data.
    

         

        If you have any questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact 
        us at [email protected]


        Here are a few suggestions we think are helpful when conducting any transactions 
        over the Internet:     

Use a secure browser. Never consider your information private unless you are 
            using a browser equipped with a secure mode. Information on the Internet can be 
            accessed from the time it leaves your computer to the time it reaches its 
            destination when not encrypted. 
Always know who you are purchasing from. 
Do not hesitate to ask questions, including those regarding how they process 
            your order and keep your information secure and private. If they really want 
            your business they will answer these questions. 
If you are unsure of a business, please do some research. Your best source is 
            the Better Business Bureau. They will have information concerning any past 
            complaints or compliments concerning the business in question. 

 