Information privacy
The State Library of Queensland (SLQ) is subject to privacy legislation which applies to the Queensland public sector — the  Information Privacy Act 2009 (the Information Privacy Act). The Information Privacy Act contains a number of privacy principles that set out how agencies must handle personal information.
Further information on the Queensland Government's information privacy scheme can be accessed through the  Office of the Information Commissioner.
If you have any questions about privacy practices at State Library, please contact us on +61 7 3842 9052, or by email to rti@slq.qld.gov.au.
What do we mean by 'personal information'?
'Personal information' refers to any information from which an individual's identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained.
The definition used within the Information Privacy Act is that personal information is information or an opinion, including information or an opinion forming part of a database, whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion.
Privacy and SLQ membership
SLQ collects your personal information to enable us to provide you with a range of services, including some only available to Queensland residents. We may not be able to provide services to you if we cannot confirm your eligibility. For example, we may not be able to lend collection items, provide access to eresources governed by licence agreements, or contact you.
To offer our services, we need to store  SLQ membership  data offshore and we may share your information with companies based outside Australia. These suppliers are only allowed to use the data for contractually-agreed purposes and must handle data in a confidential and secure manner in accordance with Queensland privacy legislation (Information Privacy Act 2009).
One Search membership data is stored in Queensland.
See  Your information for details on what personal information we collect and why.
See  Identity Management Principles for information on the use and management of your personal information.
Website security
This is a website of the State of Queensland, acting through State Library of Queensland. This website does not provide facilities for securely transmitting information across the internet. Visitors to our website are advised that there can be some risks with transmitting personal information in this way.
We understand and appreciate that users of this website are concerned about their privacy and the confidentiality of any personal information they provide to us.
We are committed to respecting the privacy of our website users and, as a general rule, we do not collect personal information about you when you visit our site. You are able to visit our site without revealing any of your personal information.
Website visit data
When you look at this website, our server makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes only:
the IP (Internet Protocol) address from which you accessed our website
the name of the top level domain from which you accessed the internet (for example, .gov, .com, .edu, .net, .org, .au etc)
the type of browser and operating system you use
whether you have accessed the site using a mobile device
the type and speed of internet connection used to access the site
the date and time you accessed the site
the pages you have accessed 
the documents you have downloaded
the screen settings with which you viewed the site
the previous internet address from which you arrived at this site
The above information is gathered, in aggregate, solely for the purposes of creating summary statistics which allow us to assess the number of visitors to the different sections of our site and to help make our site more useful for users of our website.
Cookies
Some parts of our website use cookies to provide a customised user experience when you visit again, by remembering your preferences and settings. Aggregate, non-personal information from cookies is also used by our web services staff to analyse usage patterns for our website. Information from cookies will not be used to identify you. However, if you prefer not to use cookies when visiting our site, you can set your internet browser to block cookies.
No attempt is or will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect activity logs.
Email, online subscriptions and web feedback
As a Queensland Government website, email correspondence sent to this site will be treated as a public record and will be retained as required by the   Public Records Act 2002   and other relevant regulations.
Email messages may be monitored by our website support staff for system troubleshooting and maintenance purposes.
Your name and address details will not be added to a mailing list unless you so choose, and we will not disclose these details to third parties without your consent unless required by law. If you have chosen to place your details on one or more of our email subscription lists, you can opt out of further contact with us by following the instructions to unsubscribe in our emails, or by emailing  Info@slq.qld.gov.au.
Access to your information
Under the Information Privacy Act, you are entitled to access any personal information that SLQ holds about you, and to ask us to update personal information we hold about you. See  Your information  for details on the information State Library may have about you.
To access, review and/or amend your personal information, please contact us by phone +61 7 3842 9052 or by email to rti@slq.qld.gov.au  . There is no fee to access or update your own personal information, but please note that in order to access your personal information, you will be required to provide proof of your identity.
If you wish to make a formal application to access and/or amend your personal information under the Information Privacy Act, you can download the appropriate application form and submit your application via post, fax, email or in person (contact details below).
Postal address 
Privacy Contact Officer
c/- Executive Director, Corporate Governance and Operations
State Library of Queensland
PO Box 3488
South Brisbane Q 4101
AUSTRALIA
Fax 
+61 7 3840 7871
Email rti@slq.qld.gov.au 
In person 
Deliver to level 1 reception desk
Mark attention to Executive Director, Corporate Governance and Operations
