
We are committed to protecting our visitors’ and/or user’s privacy and we will not collect any personal information about you as a visitor unless you provide it voluntarily. Pursuant to the Data Protection Act 2001 which came fully into force on 15 July 2003, we have a legal duty to respect and protect any personal information we collect from you and we will abide by such duty. We take all safeguards necessary to prevent unauthorised access and we do not pass on your details collected from you as a visitor and/or user, to any third party unless you give us your consent to do so.
The policy can be easily accessible via a link at the bottom of each web page.

By using the website, you consent to such processing, including the transfer of personal information to Heritage Malta, and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
When you visit our website the following information will automatically be processed and this solely for the use of this Office:

The requested web page or download;
Whether the request was successful or not;
The date and time when you accessed the site;
The Internet address of the web site or the domain name of the computer from which you accessed the site;
The operating system of the machine running your web browser and the type and version of your web  browser.


Cookies are small pieces of data that the site transfers to the user’s computer hard drive when the user visits the website. This website makes limited use of cookies and consequently, for any further information, you are being guided to visit our Cookies Policy.
When using this website’s online facilities, data subjects may be required to provide their contact details for contact purposes.
All information provided in the Contact Us/Feedback form will dealt-with with strict confidence according to law.
As an individual you may exercise your right to access the data held about you, therfore if you have any queries in relation to this data, if any, held by us please contact us by submitting your request to the appropriate data controller through the Contact Us page within the website.
Although all reasonable efforts will be made to keep your information updated, you are kindly requested to inform us of any change referring to the personal data held by this Office. In any case if you consider that certain information about you is inaccurate, you may request rectification of such data. You also have the right to request the blocking or erasure of data which has been processed unlawfully.
To give you a better service our site can connect you with a number of links to other local and international organisations and agencies. When connecting to such other websites you will no longer be subject to this policy but to the privacy policy of the new site.
If there are any changes to this privacy policy, we will replace this page with an updated version. It is therefore in your own interest to check the “Privacy Policy” page any time you access our web site so as to be aware of any changes which may occur from time to time.
Any comments or suggestions that you may have and which may contribute to a better quality of service will be welcome and greatly appreciated. ​​​
 

