 This document sets out what data is currently collected by this
              web site, and how such data is used. Maintaining your privacy is
              important to us. This document is subject to change as and when
              new sections/features of the web site are added, so please ensure
              you regularly check it. 
This guide is a general overview of our Privacy Policy. There
              is also a P3P policy document  which
              goes into further depth on exactly what information we keep and
              how it is used. 
 Information
              we collect 
The only information we currently collect is non-identifying and
              aggregate information which we use to monitor the site's usage (e.g.
			  how many people are accessing each page per day).
              This information may be used to improve the site, and shared with
              advertisers. This information does not disclose anything that can
              be used to identify the user. 
When purchasing games, we use a third-party site, SWReg, for secure payments.
              This site may store important information regarding the payment.
              Please refer to their privacy policy. We will store the registered
              name, the name of the person who paid, the date the payment
              occurred, and the email address used when registering. We need
              these so we can return lost registration keys accurately, whilst
              preventing fraud. We will not store any credit card details, or
              other sensitive data, and the data we do store will be used only
              for the recovery of lost registration keys. 
If you email us, we will use the return address to answer any
              questions, if we are able. We will not use this address for any
              other purpose, or share it with anyone outside Crystal Squid Ltd. 
 Cookies 
Ok, I'll try to make this as simple as possible...
			  Some games use cookies to score your progress/highscores. Feel free to deny/delete any cookies from
			  this site, but don't blame us if you lose your scores. However, because some games use cookies, we
			  now (by EU law) have to warn you about it. Because this warning is annoying, once you click it, it should
			  go away and never bother you again. However, to do this we need to use a cookie. So the only cookie we
			  actually always use, is the one we have to use to tell you that we might use cookies!
Yes, this is exactly as daft as it sounds.
We don't store any identifying information in our cookies ever, but some adverts use their
			  own cookies, usually to make sure you don't keep seeing the same advert again and again.
 Data
              Security 
We have in place appropriate measures to prevent any unauthorised
              access to any information we may collect through this site. 
 Children's privacy 
We don't collect or keep any information about anyone, regardless of age.
 Additional Notes
This policy only applies to pages within the Crystal Squid web
              site. We cannot offer any guarantees for web sites that we may
              link to.
We may also collect additional data for investigating security
              issues. In the event of a security breach or illegal activity,
              we may release any information we possess to the relevant authorities. 
We may use advertising agencies that use cookies to collect aggregate
              information to enable them to target their advertising more effectively.
              We have no control over these cookies, but we try to ensure that
              the advertising firms we use are reputable, and have privacy policies
              similar to our own. 

  If you have any queries about the data we collect, please contact
  us . 

