

Privacy Policy and Copyright Statement

Privacy statement
This privacy notice explains how Brunel University London ("we", "our", "us") collects, uses and shares your personal data, and your rights in relation to the personal data we hold. This privacy notice concerns our processing of personal data of prospective students and applicants of Brunel University London ("you", "your").
Brunel University London is the data controller of your personal data and is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR").
Enquirers: your personal data will sit on Azorus, a CRM system for student recruitment.
Applicants: your contact information, nationality and programme details will be transferred to Azorus, a CRM system for student recruitment.
We may process your personal data because it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. In this respect, we use your personal data for the following:

to interact with you before you are enrolled as a student, as part of the admissions process (e.g. to send you a prospectus, give you details of an Open day or answer enquiries about our courses);
to deal with any concerns or feedback you may have;
for any other purpose for which you provide us with your personal data.

We may also process your personal data because it is necessary for the performance of our tasks carried out in the public interest or because it is necessary for our, or a third party's, legitimate interests. When this takes place, your data may be used in aggregated form. 

to monitor and evaluate the performance and effectiveness of the university, including by training our staff or monitoring their performance.

Legitimate interests summary
Our legitimate interests for processing data and sending communications are as follows:

For basic administration of a degree granting institution, we maintain enquiry data to enhance, modify, personalise, or otherwise improve our communications for the benefit of our customers.
Under our duty to provide news about activities to stakeholders, we disseminate key news and events at Brunel to our stakeholders, to ensure they can make an informed decision on university.
To ensure customers are exposed to relevant promotional material, we use enquiry and applicant data to inform our targeting and to determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising.
For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes, we comply with mandatory, government research and other research for the benefit of Brunel, and/or higher education in general.

We ensure that there are appropriate technical controls in place to protect your personal details.  For example, our online forms are always encrypted and our network is protected and routinely monitored. We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by appropriately trained staff and contractors.
Where we appoint an external party to undertake a screening of information, any such arrangements will be subject to a formal agreement between Brunel University London and that organisation, to protect the security of your data.
Some of our suppliers run their operations outside the European Economic Area (EEA).  Although they may not be subject to same data protection laws as companies based in the UK, we will take steps to make sure they provide an adequate level of protection in accordance with UK data protection law. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to this transfer, storing or processing at a location outside the EEA.
We may need to disclose your details if required to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisors. We will only ever share your data in other circumstances if we have your explicit and informed consent.
We keep your enquiry details on file one year after your specified year of entry expires. You can update, cleanse or delete your own data via our enquiry platform, to ensure we have accurate contact details for you. If and when you apply to Brunel University London, your enquiry details will be overwritten by your application details.
We may segment the information we hold about you in our database based on your demographics and interests. Analysis of this helps us understand our enquiries and ensure we are efficient and that only relevant communications are sent to you.
It is always your choice as to whether you want to receive information about studying at Brunel, our events and the ways you can get involved. If you do not want us to use your personal information in these ways, please indicate your preferences on the form on which we collect your data. You may opt-out of our marketing communications at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the end of our marketing emails. You can also change any of your contact preferences at any time or you can opt-out of your data being utilised via the enquiry platform.
We will not use your personal information for marketing purposes if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted by us for such purposes when you enquire to Brunel. However, once you apply to study at Brunel, we will contact you about your application and about life at Brunel.
If you have any queries about this privacy notice or how we process your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer by email: Mary Liddell data-protection@brunel.ac.uk, by telephone: +44 (0) 1895 265389; or by post: Data Protection Officer, Brunel University London, Kingston Lane, Uxbridge, UB8 3PH.
To request access to the personal data that we hold about you, you may contact our Data Protection Office by email: data-protection@brunel.ac.uk; by telephone: +44 (0) 1895 265389; or by post: Data Protection Office, Brunel University London, Kingston Lane, Uxbridge, UB8 3PH.
If you are not satisfied with how we are processing your personal data, you can make a complaint to the Information Commissioner. You can find out more about your rights under data protection legislation from the Information Commissioner's Office website available at: www.ico.org.uk.
Brunel University London respects the right to privacy of anyone using its website. All data submitted via the website will be held securely in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. Some demographic data may be retained in anonymous form for statistical reporting.Cookies and log filesThe University maintains a log of web server activity to make sure we manage our site effectively, to investigate broken links and to provide statistics. These files contain information such as your computer's IP address, what files you have requested and which browser you are using. They do not identify your email address or any other personal data. We may also use 'cookies' to monitor use of our website in order to see which pages you have visited and how long you have spent on them. Cookies are text files that identify your computer to the University's server. They do not record personal data or identify the individual user. You have the option of setting your browser's preferences to refuse cookies but this may limit the services you can access through our web pages.
See detailed information about cookies on the Brunel website.
Email and feedbackAs permitted by Telecommunications (Lawful Business Practice) (Interception of Communications) Regulations 2000, the University employs counter-measures against unwelcome email and web content. All external emails, as well as feedback forms, bulletin board postings and 'chat room' messages, may be monitored and scanned for obscene, indecent or illegal content.Access to informationYou have the right to request a copy of any personal information about you held by the University and to have any inaccuracies corrected. Please contact the Information Access Officer for details.External linksPlease note that the University has no control over, or responsibility for, the privacy policies of third-party websites which may be accessed from Brunel's own website. Once you have left our website, Brunel's privacy policy no longer applies.
Copyright statement 
The copyright and intellectual property rights of all material held on the Brunel University London website belong to the University and its staff or students, or have been licensed to the University.
With the exception of the logo and trademarks, the University allows the copying of material from its website solely for personal use or for reference under the Freedom of Information but the reproduction, publication, distribution or broadcast of material for any commercial purpose is strictly forbidden without prior permission from the University. No content may be altered or adapted in any way and permission must be obtained for its inclusion in any papers or other publications. If you wish to apply for copyright clearance to reproduce content, please contact the Copyright and Digital Resources Officer.
The reproduction, adaptation or manipulation of the University logo, crest or any trademarks is not allowed without prior consent. Permission must be obtained from the University for the use of its logo on any documents, papers or reports, other than for official Brunel University London business. If you wish to use the logo for any reasonable purpose, please contact Print Room for permission and instructions on how to download a high resolution version.
You may link to the University home page without permission and other educational establishments may link to specific pages and documents on the University website without prior consent. A link to the University from a third party web page does not imply any endorsement from the University of that web site and no endorsement is implied by any links from Brunel's web pages to third party sites.

