The personal  information collection and management policies, practices and procedures  implemented by California Department of Fish and Wildlife (CDFW) are governed  by law. CDFW sets forth the following privacy policy in compliance with  Government Code Sections 11015.5, 11019.9 and the Information Practices Act of  1977 (Civil Code Section 1798 et seq.). All employees who collect and/or  maintain personal information strive to comply with the provisions of this  policy.
Definition of Personal  Information
“Personal  Information” is any information about, or that can reasonably be expected to be  related to, an identifiable person. Personal Information may also be known as  “personal data”, “personally-identifiable information”, or “PII”. Examples of  personal information include non-Sensitive Personal Information such as email  address, gender, date of birth, and public comments  or questions via mail or electronic mail. as well as Sensitive Personal  Information.  “Sensitive  Personal Information” (SPI) is Personal Information, which if lost,  compromised, or disclosed without authorization, could result in substantial  harm, embarrassment, inconvenience, or unfairness to an individual. SPI  requires strict handling guidelines because of legal requirements and the increased  risk to an individual if compromised. Examples of SPI include social security  numbers, credit card numbers, health information, information acquired through job applications and employee personnel files,  and license applications from individuals. Sensitive Personal Information is  classified as Highly Sensitive or Confidential, depending on the sensitivity of  the information. Highly Sensitive information is always considered SPI. Context  of Personal Information may make it Sensitive Personal Information. 
 Some  Personal Information is not sensitive; such as contact information on a  business card. This “Non-sensitive Personal Information” (Non-SPI) is  information about an identified person but is information of a public nature or  would have less severe financial or reputational harm to the individual if  exposed. Non-sensitive Personal Information is classified as Restricted or  Unrestricted. 
Collection and Use of  Personal Information
The purposes for which CDFW may collect personal information will be  specified at or prior to the time such information is collected. The personal  information collected is relevant to the purpose for which it is needed. Any  subsequent use of the information will be limited to and consistent with the  fulfillment of those purposes previously specified. 
CDFW will not  disclose, use for any purpose other than as specified at the time it was  collected, or make available any personal information collected, except with  the written consent of the subject of the information or as otherwise permitted  by law or regulation.
 CDFW will not  distribute or sell any electronically collected personal information about  users to any third party except where obligated by law. It should be noted that  electronically collected personal information (cookies, etc.) is exempt from  requests made under the California Public Records Act.
 If any type of  personal information is collected on our website or volunteered by the user,  State law, including the Information Practices Act of 1977, Government Code  Section 11015.5, and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 require that it be  protected.
 The State may  provide or distribute certain lists and statistical reports of regulatory  information as allowed by law and all relevant legal protections still apply to  the State’s websites.
Protection of Personal  Information
We strive to  protect personal information against loss, unauthorized access, use,  disclosure, modification or transfer. CDFW employees responsible for the  collection, use, maintenance, and/or dissemination of records containing  personal information are trained to take appropriate precautions, including but  not limited to authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption to ensure  that proper administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are employed and  maintained in order to protect the confidentiality of such information.  Employees are trained to remove or redact personal information when data  becomes obsolete.
 Individuals  have a right to access their information and may request a correction of any  inaccuracies. To request access or correction of your information please see  the contact information listed at the bottom of this document.
Website Collection of Personal  Information
When you visit  our website, you should be aware that files called “cookies” may be created on  your machine. These cookies are used to “remember” what a user has done on  previous pages / interactions with our websites. These cookies in combination with  Google Analytics are used in many ways including, performance improvement,  maintaining user preferences and providing metrics that are used to understand  trends in the use of our website. Cookies stay resident on your machine until  they are removed. 
 You have the  ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept  cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you  prefer. Information on how to delete cookies from your computer can be found at  the following website: http://www.aboutcookies.org. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to use some  services on our websites. If you choose to delete cookies from your browser,  any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies will be deleted and  may need to be recreated when you next access the website. CDFW  prohibits any third party web beacons on its websites that collect or access  your personal information.
 When you visit  our websites transaction log information is collected, which includes: your  domain name or Internet Protocol address, browser type, requests submitted,  date and time the website was accessed, and statistical information about which  web pages you visited. This information is defined as electronically collected  personal information, as defined in Government Code 11015.5. Under Government  Code 11015.5, if you choose, you may have any personal information collected  about you discarded without reuse or distribution, provided we are contacted in  a timely fashion. In order to request that we discard your transaction log  information, please see the contact information listed at the bottom of this  document.
 If you  voluntarily participate in an activity that asks for specific information  (i.e., completing a request for assistance, personalizing the content of the  website, sending an email, or participating in a survey), more detailed data  will be collected. If you choose not to participate in these activities, your  choice will in no way affect your ability to use any other feature of the web  site.
 Transaction log  information will be used by CDFW staff in order to help us manage and improve  our websites. This information is used only for internal purposes, allowing our  staff to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our website and to help improve our website for future visitors.
Responsible Official and  Contact Information
The CDFW  Privacy Officer is responsible for the overall implementation and enforcement  of this privacy policy.
 Questions,  comments or complaints regarding this privacy policy or requests for personal  information access, correction, or deletion should be sent to: privacy@wildlife.ca.gov
Updated 11/23/2015
