
Privacy policy
We provide this notice to explain our online information practices, and make it available from every page of our web site. By visiting Legacy Health (Legacy) at www.legacyhealth.org, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Statement.
Information we collect
Two types of information are collected:

Personal or "individually identifiable" information that you provide to us 
Standard web server/visitor traffic information, commonly referred to as "aggregate information," regarding overall website traffic patterns. Normally, web servers collect this type of basic information as part of their web log processes. We do not report on individual user sessions. 

Individually identifiable information and how we use it
There are instances when Legacy collects individually identifiable information from its users. Examples include: employment applications, information requests and charitable contributions. Individually identifiable user information we may collect includes:

First and last name, street address, city, state, zip code, telephone number, email address, and subject of inquiry (i.e. information requests). 

 
In the case of contributions:

We process standard credit card information (card number, card type, expiration date) via a secure, encrypted Secure Sockets Layer session. SSL is the proven standard for secure web messaging transactions. We maintain records of all financial transactions.
In the case of tribute (honorarium or memorial) contributions made to a Legacy hospice program, a personalized acknowledgement letter is sent to a designated recipient, usually a loved one of the deceased or the honoree. Therefore, we will request the name, address, city, state and zip code for your designated acknowledgee. This information is only used for the purpose of sending the acknowledgement.

Donation information
We maintain records of all contributions to Legacy's affiliated foundations. All information related to such contributions, including all personal information is private and confidential. Additionally, all information is stored in a secure location accessible only by authorized staff. Legacy may contact you with further communications.
You can choose to opt out from:

Fundraising activities, communications and solicitations 
Any contact from Legacy 

 
If you wish to opt out or restrict the use of your contact information, you may let us know by:

Contacting Legacy Foundations by emailing giving@lhs.org or writing:

Legacy Foundations 
P.O. Box 4484 
Portland, OR 97208-4484 
(Please indicate which Legacy foundation(s) you want to opt out from financial contribution activities.) 






Emailing Legacy from our website. Use the "Contact Us" link (found at the bottom of every page of our website) 

Aggregate information
In addition to information provided by visitors to our website, we use the normal Internet tracking tools associated with standard Internet protocols and Web based systems. This system information is typically stored in log files and the information is used for aggregate reporting. Aggregate reporting includes: total number of visitors, most visited sections, peak traffic times, etc. Log files are simply transaction records web servers maintain. Those logs are used for recording information, such as:

service provider IP addresses 
browser versions 
referring websites 
search terms used 
average number of pages requested 
average duration of visit 
total visitor traffic 

 
We use aggregate information gathered from your visit to better design our website. This information supplies us with a broad picture of how people use our website in order to help the management of our systems and to better serve our audience.
Our commitment to data security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we strive to maintain physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to secure the information we collect online. This includes the use of the Secure Sockets Layer for processing contributions securely.
Links to other sites
Legacy has links to other websites that are not under its control, and Legacy is not responsible for the contents of any linked website, or any link contained in a linked website, or any changes or updates to such websites. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Legacy of that website.
This Privacy Statement applies only to the Legacy website. Please be aware that Legacy is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of every website that requests personal information from you.
Legacy reserves the right to change our privacy policies at any time. This Privacy Statement will be kept up-to-date and clearly posted on our website.
 

