How does Lilo act to protect your privacy?
Lilo doesn’t collect any of your personnal data nor research data.
Lilo doesn’t place any  tracking cookie, in the purpose of selling data to third parties.
The cookies placed are cookies that are strictly necessary to the features of Lilo (your preferences, your drops of water, the languge to be used ..). If you got to Lilo via a partner (a project supported, un website), a cookie allow us to get  the information in order to award the partner equally to its commitment.
Lilo hosts its own analytical statistic tool, named Piwik. Lilo does’t use Google Analytics which is generally used by websites. These statistics are necessary as they provide us with the number of visits on Lilo’s website.
Piwik is set up without the use of cookie and with anonymous IP adresses (2 typefaces only) in accordance with  CNIL recommendation. (CNIL is an independent french administrative body that operates in accordance with the french data protection legislation. The independence of the CNIL is guaranteed on account of its composition and organisation.)
On Chrome, Firefox and Safari browsers, Lilo sends “do not track” message to alert the website you are visiting that you don’t want any tracking.
On Chrome (for now, only chrome is concerned, you are entitled to desactivate ad tracking. Lilo activates automatically this option thanks to Lilo’s estension.
What data is used by Lilo in its extensions ?
Lilo needs your authorization to have access to your browsing history  in order to display favorites on the homepage. Favorites websites are the sites you visit more frequently in your browsing history. The access to you history browser is kept in Lilo’s extension but doesn’t go throught Lilo’s servers.
To display the favorites and to protect against ad tracking, the extension needs to get your permission to access to the websites you visit, so as to make a screenshot on Lilo’s homepage or to act against ad cookies. Please note that the screenshot doesn’t go through Lilo’s servers.
Lilo’s extension allows to get the search engine and the home page search engine on your browser.
Which data are collected by third algorithms used by Lilo ?
At this time, Lilo doesn’t host its own search algorithm. some third algorithms Google, Yahoo, Bing) can be used by Lilo. Those algorithms might have acess ti you IP adress, to your browser release. They can also deposit ad cookies. If you were to use one of those search engines, it would still be the case. Moreover, the protection against ad tracking provided by Lilo (do not track or the disabling of ad tracking) acts against a potential tracking made by companies that markets those search algorithms.
With Lilo, Am I 100% sure that my privacy is protected ?
Even though we’re making our best, we don’t have nor the legal ability nor the technical ability to protect your privacy at 100% percent on the internet.
If that’s what you’re looking for while using our search engine, we recommand that you use more complex tools like Tor software that anonymize your internet navigation.
While installing Lilo on Chrome, the popup “Add Lilo.org” is displayed. What does it mean?
“Read and change all your data on the websites you visit”
–> Allows displaying images in your favorites on the home page
–> Allows protection against advertising tracking by supressing advertisement cookies and sending “do not track” to the visites websites.
“Read and change your browsing history”
–> Allows managing the display of websites in your favorites on the homepage.
“Communicate with cooperating websites”
–> Allows the extension to communicate the list of the favorites to be displayed on the homepage.
“Manage your apps, extensions, and themes ”
–>Allows to chrome extension to enable or disable the extensions “Lilo search” and “Lilo Tab” (to enable/disable the search engine and Lilo’s homepage).
