
PRIVACY & TERMS
Ariat’s Online Privacy Policy
Ariat is committed to respecting the privacy and security of your personal information. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and provide you with an online browsing and shopping experience. The following privacy policy further describes the information we collect, and how we use and protect your personal information. By using this website, you consent to this privacy policy, and the collection and use of the information you provide to Ariat as set forth herein. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post any new terms on this page so that you can always be aware of any changes in how we collect, use and protect your personal information.
This site collects no personally identifying information about you except when you specifically and knowingly provide it. In connection with your use of this site and/or your online shopping experience with Ariat, we need to know certain information like your name, e-mail address, mailing or shipping address, credit card number, and date and expiration, etc. This allows us to process and fulfill your order. Similarly, we collect email addresses and information volunteered by visitors such as product registration, contest entries and survey information. We use this information not only for the basic functionality of your online browsing and shopping, but we may also use it to monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to improve our site design, and thus improve your experience. We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about changes to our web site or to send you mailings or e-mails with information on new products or upcoming events, or special offers we think you might find valuable. Affiliates or partners of ours may also use this information to do the same.
When you register, you have the discretion whether or not to submit certain information such as telephone number, personal address, gender and purchase criteria. As mentioned above, this type of information helps us to understand our visitors and tailor products and promotions around your needs. For instance, address and telephone information assist us in contacting winning entrants for any of our contest promotions.
As a visitor to our site, you can always select whether or not you would like to be on Ariat's email list. Visitors who choose to be on Ariat's email list and later decide they would not like to receive information may unsubscribe by replying to any email and typing UNSUBSCRIBE.
Ariat is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet. We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. Our websites are general audience sites and are not targeted to or intended for use by children.
Ariat does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to non-affiliated third parties. Also, Ariat may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
In connection with your online browsing and shopping experience, Ariat may make use of cookies. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any identifying information; rather they enable us to provide you with features such as the ability to store items in your shopping cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that if you so wish.
Security:
We are committed to offering you a secure online browsing and shopping experience. As such, when you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. Ariat uses secure server software (called SSL) that encrypts any information you input before it is even sent to us. Furthermore, all the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
Summary:
Ariat is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect to enhance your overall browsing and online shopping experience. We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to any non-affiliated third parties. If you never want to receive announcements or offers from Ariat, you always have the option to UNSUBSCRIBE from any list you may be on.
Comments:
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about the site or any of our services, please contact us at:
Ariat International, Inc.
3242 Whipple Road
Union City, CA 94587
PHONE: 510-477-7000
TOLL FREE: 800-899-8141
FAX: 510-477-6900
EMAIL: info@ariat.com

WELCOME TO THE WEBSITE OF ARIAT INTERNATIONAL, INC. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY before accessing, browsing and/or using any portion of this website (this "Site"). These Terms and Conditions apply to all visits to and use of the Site. By accessing and using the Site, you signify your consent to abide by these Terms and Conditions in their entirety, in addition to all other laws or regulations that apply to the Site, the Internet, and the World Wide Web. Additional or different terms and conditions ("Other Terms") may apply in connection with certain features (e.g. sweepstakes or contest entries). These Other Terms are incorporated into and made a part of these Terms and Conditions by reference. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions in their entirety, please do not use the Site.
Features
All features, Content, and products and services available on or through the Site, including, but not limited to, prices of products and services, are subject to change at any time without notice. In addition, any feature, Content, product or service may be discontinued at any time in Ariat's sole discretion. The inclusion of any features, Content, products or services on this Site at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will continue to be available. Ariat reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms and Conditions at any time. Please check these Terms and Conditions periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Access
The Site is considered to be a general audience site and is not intended for use by children. Children accessing the Site should get the permission and assistance of a parent or guardian to use the Site. By using the Site, you represent and warrant that (a) all information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will update and maintain the accuracy of that information; and (c) your use of the Site does not violate any applicable law or regulation in the jurisdiction in which you are accessing the Site. In order to access or use certain features on the Site, you may be required to establish and use a profile or account. When you register for an account or establish a profile, you may be asked to create a user ID and choose a password. You are responsible for keeping your user ID and password secret and confidential and restricting access to that information. You agree that you are solely responsible for all activities that occur using your user ID and password.
Privacy
To review information about the privacy policy applicable to the Site, and how Ariat collects, uses and protects the personal information of visitors, please visit our Privacy Policy.
Ownership, Permitted Use and Site Content
All of the content contained in, available through, featured or displayed on the Site, including, but not limited to, information, communications, text, graphics, photographs, images, sounds, moving images, video, illustrations, code and other materials ("Content"), as well as all trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, trade dress, icons and domain names (collectively "Marks") located on this Site, are owned by Ariat, or its parent or affiliate entities, its licensors or its content providers. The Content and Marks are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws and international treaty provisions and may not be used except as permitted in these Terms and Conditions or with the prior express written consent of Ariat. Any unauthorized use by you of any Content or Marks may subject you to civil or criminal penalties. You are authorized to view, display, print and download Content and individual pages from the Site for personal, informational, and non-commercial use only (provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on those pages). You may not remove or modify any of the Content posted on the Site (nor any proprietary notices) and you may not copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any Content. In the event you download software (including, but not limited to, screensavers, icons, videos or wallpaper) from the Site, the software, including, any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software are licensed to you by Ariat or its third-party licensor, but Ariat does not transfer any title to you.
Accuracy of Information
Ariat takes reasonable efforts to ensure that Content on this Site provided by Ariat is complete, accurate and current. Despite Ariat's efforts, however, the information on this Site may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. Products included on the Site may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may actually carry a different price than that stated on the Site. In addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. Ariat reserves the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. Ariat also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order.
Purchases
When we make it possible to order products via the Site, please also read the terms and conditions that will apply to those purchases. You can find these terms and conditions on the page where you place your order. It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the possession, use and sale of any service or product purchased from this Site.
Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitation of Liability & Indemnification
The Site and all content is subject to change and is provided "as is" and without any warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of satisfactory quality, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, and Ariat, its subsidiaries and affiliates, licensors and suppliers, disclaim all such warranties, to the fullest extent permitted by law. The information on the site is for general information purposes only and does not constitute advice. Ariat does not represent or warrant that the content, information and/or features contained on the Site are accurate, complete or current; that the Site will be uninterrupted or error free; that any defects on the site will be corrected or that the site or servers that makes the site available are free of viruses or any other harmful components. Ariat does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the content on the Site in terms of correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise, and in each case, those warranties are disclaimed to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Your use of the Site is at your own risk. Neither Ariat, its subsidiaries or affiliates, nor their respective officers, directors or agents, nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the site will be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or other damages arising our of or anyway connection with the use of, or the inability to use, the Site, the content or features on the site. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Ariat, its parent and affiliate entities, and their respective employees, directors, officers and agents from and against any and all claims, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees and related expenses, arising from or related to any use by you of the Site or Content, your provision or use of any User Generated Content, any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions or any claim that you have violated a user's privacy rights by posting, collecting or using Content about other users of the Site.
User Content
Content, information, photographs, suggestions, questions, comments, communications, opinions and other materials published or posted by users accessing the Site (including, but not limited to, on community pages, message boards, chat rooms or other forums) (collectively "User Generated Content") are solely the opinion and responsibility of the person posting that User Generated Content. Ariat does not endorse and has no control over the User Generated Content posted by users on the Site. Ariat does not review User Generated Content prior to posting it on the Site and that content does not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of Ariat. Ariat shall have the right, but no obligation, to review and monitor User Generated Content to determine compliance with these Terms and Conditions or any other operating rules established by Ariat for this Site or to determine compliance with any laws or regulations. Ariat only acts as a passive conduit for the distribution of User Generated Content and is not responsible or liable for any of the User Generated Content, communications and other materials generated by you or any other user, and reserves the right, but has no obligation, to reject, refuse to post, edit, alter or remove any posting of User Generated Content (including messages and comments posted to the Site). By displaying, publishing or posting User Generated Content, directly or indirectly, on or through the Site, you hereby grant to Ariat, its parent and affiliate entities and those acting at their direction, a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide license and right to use, modify, reproduce, publicly perform, publicly display, distribute and create derivative works from that material for any commercial and non-commercial purposes in any media, now known or hereafter created, as Ariat may determine, in its sole discretion, without the need for any acknowledgment or compensation. By submitting User Generated Content, you represent and warrant that the content is your own original work and has not been published or distributed by any other person or entity, in any form and does not infringe or violate the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other personal or privacy rights of any person or entity.
Prohibited Activity
You are prohibited from using the Site to post or transmit any material which is or may be infringing, threatening, false, misleading, inflammatory, libelous, defamatory, invasive of privacy, obscene, vulgar, profane, pornographic, harassing, abusive, discriminating, illegal or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or that may otherwise give rise to civil liability or violate any law. You are further prohibited from using the Site to impersonate another person, user or Ariat staff, employee, or representative, imply that any statements you make are endorsed by Ariat, or post or transmit any material that could damage or disparage Ariat or any of its affiliate entities in any manner. You are also prohibited from using the Site to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation.
How You Can Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about the Site or any of our services, please contact Ariat Customer Service during the hours of Monday-Friday 7am-5pm (PST): Phone: 877-702-7428 Email: info@ariat.com
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
To the fullest extent permitted by law, these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of the State of California (excluding its conflicts of laws principals), and you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of thereof. You agree that any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to your use of the Site must be filed within one year after such claim or cause of action arose. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be found to be void or unenforceable, the other provisions shall still remain in full force and effect. A printed version of these Terms and Conditions shall be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms and Conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Last revised OCTOBER 2010

