
The information, text, graphics, images, sounds, links and all other information and software published or otherwise contained on this website (the "Contents") are the exclusive property of CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa and, except as specifically provided herein, may not be copied, distributed, displayed, reproduced or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa.
Copyright © 2016 CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa. All rights reserved.
 
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE
These materials are provided by CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa, its subsidiaries, affiliates and related entities ("CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa") as a service to its customers and may be used for informational purposes only. By using this website, you agree to these terms. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this website.
 
TRADEMARK NOTICE
This website contains the CUISINART GOLF RESORT & SPA logo and other valuable trademarks owned and used by CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa to distinguish its services and wares. These trademarks and related proprietary property are protected from copying and simulation under national and international laws and may not be reproduced, copied or otherwise used without the express prior written permission of CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa.
 
RESTRICTED LICENSE
The Contents may be downloaded and reproduced solely for personal non-commercial or internal use. This is a license and not a transfer of title, and is subject to the following restrictions: (a) the Contents may not be modified or used for any commercial purpose or public display, performance, sale or rental; (b) software Contents may not be decompiled, reverse engineered or disassembled in any manner whatsoever; (c) no copyright or other proprietary notices may be removed from the Contents; (d) the Contents may not be transferred to another person; and (e) every person downloading, reproducing or otherwise using the Contents, hereby agrees to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Contents.
 
GENERAL NOTICE
CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa strives to ensure that the Contents are accurate and reliable. However, CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa and its agents are not infallible, and errors and/or omissions may sometimes occur. Therefore, CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa disclaims any warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, as to any matter whatsoever relating to this website and any links thereto and therefrom, including, without limitation, as to the merchantability, noninfringement of intellectual property, or fitness for any particular purpose.
 
CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa does not warrant the accuracy, currency or completeness of the contents, including, without limitation, any information relating to prices or availability. CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa will from time to time revise the Contents and/or the products, services and resources described therein and reserves the right to make such changes without any obligation to notify past, current or prospective visitors of this website.
 
IN NO EVENT SHALL CUISINART GOLF RESORT & SPA BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION AND LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE CONTENTS, EVEN IF CUISINART GOLF RESORT & SPA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
 
COMMUNICATIONS
With respect to all communications made to CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa including, without limitation, feedback, questions, comments and suggestions ("Communications"): (a) no right of confidentiality shall apply to Communications and CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa shall have no obligation to protect Communications from disclosure; (b) CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute Communications to others; and (c) CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in Communications for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, the development, production and marketing of products and services that incorporate such information.
Please use E-Mail only to send us non-confidential notes. Do not include confidential personal or private information. For your protection, our responses will not include any confidential information. Please do not use E-Mail to send us transaction instructions. Customers who choose to send E-Mail messages to CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa that contain confidential, private or personal information do so entirely at their own risk.
 
CUISINART GOLF RESORT & SPA PRIVACY POLICY
 
CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa takes the issue of safeguarding your privacy very seriously. We have created this Privacy Policy in order to better familiarize you with the information we collect from hotel guests and website visitors, and the way in which CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa uses this information to better serve the needs of our guests.
 
What is personal information?
The term "Personal Information" refers to any information that can be used to identify you as an individual. It can include, among other things, your name, address, age, gender, personal financial history and Social Security number.
 
How is personal information collected?
 
1. Reviewing Our Website
 
A. Initially Upon Contact With Our Website
When you visit our website, you are initially given a "cookie". If you do not want to accept cookies, you can block them by adjusting the settings on your Internet browser. Visitors should understand, however, that rejecting cookies will affect their ability to benefit from the conveniences afforded by the use of cookies, and they will not be able to use certain customization features associated with creating a user profile.
 
B. While Browsing Our Website
While in the process of browsing our website, you also provide us with information that does not reveal your personal identity –While you explore our website for the information that interests you, we may ask you for Personal Information, such as your name, zip/postal code, e-mail address, and phone number.
 
In the event you choose to provide us with this information, we will use it only for the purpose we have specified to you. We will e-mail you only if you want us to, and you can choose a number of alternate methods by which to receive a reply to a request. Your transmittal of your personal data shall constitute your acknowledgment and agreement to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy. If you wish, you may also submit your e-mail address in order to be placed on a subscription list or to receive other information. You will be placed on these lists only when you indicate your desire to be included. In deciding whether or not to join such lists, please note that they are only used for internal purposes – we do not sell or rent our lists to anyone. In the event you choose to join one of our lists, you may ask to be removed from the list at any time. Visitors will always have the ability to accept or decline any form of communication from CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa.
 
2. When Making a Reservation
 
A. When Making a Reservation on our Website
 
Visitors to www.CuisinArtResort.com who elect to make reservations online via the Leading Link reservations engine will be required to complete a reservation form where you will be asked to provide specific Personal Information, including your name, address and contact information, as well as deposit information to confirm your reservation, such as your credit card number. Your transmittal of your Personal Information shall constitute your acknowledgment and agreement to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy.
 
Your credit card number will be verified using a checking sequence, and your credit card will be charge the deposit as indicated. Due to the personal nature of the information you give when making a reservation through our website, the reservation system is secure, such that your credit card number is protected with the most sophisticated encryption technology available and is transmitted on a private network.
 
B. When Making a Reservation Through our Office
 
Reservations can also be made by calling our Reservations Office at 800.943.3210. When you make a reservation we may ask you for Personal Information such as your name, address, telephone number and method of payment. We may also obtain from you any room preferences or special requests. Confirmation of your reservation will be provided to you.
 
3. During your Stay at CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa
 
During your stay, we record your itemized spending to properly assemble your folio, which sets out your room rate and other expenses billed to your room. We also record this information to comply with financial reporting requirements, including those imposed by our auditors and government regulators. Information particular to your stay may also be stored (i.e. health issues, payment difficulties). This stay-specific information is stored at the CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa and is combined with information from previous visits that you have made to the Resort. We may also collect certain information as required by local laws (e.g., passport number).
 
In addition, we may retain the content of any document (including comment cards, electronic documents such as e-mails and other similar forms of communication) that you send us before, during or following your stay. This information may be shared with employees of the hotel but will not be shared with any third party.
 
How do we store this information?
 
1. At the Resort
 
The CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa goes to great lengths to ensure that all Personal Information is kept in a secure location. Furthermore, we take steps to ensure that only designated individuals have access to this information.
 
We also store other transaction information, including the number of stays at CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa and the number of nights each stay. We do not share this information with other hotels.
 
What information is not secure?
It is important to note that any e-mail communication is not secure. This is a risk inherent in the use of e-mail. Please be aware of this when requesting information or sending forms to us by e-mail (for example, from the Contact Us section of our website). We recommend that you do not include any confidential information (i.e. credit card information) when using e-mail. For your protection, our e-mail responses to you will not include any confidential information.
Finally, CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa cannot expressly warrant the operation of the reservation website and/or matters relating to its security once you log on, as it is not our site. To be prudent, please be sure to always close your browsers when you are done using the reservation site. Although the session will terminate after a short period of inactivity, it is best to close your browsers immediately upon completion, since while you are logged on it is easier for someone to attempt to get access to your profile.
 
Why is Personal Information collected?
 
1. To Provide Superior Customer Service
 
Personal Information is collected to assist us in making your reservation and providing the services you request, to ensure we meet your needs while you are staying with us and/or to allow us to contact you in relation to matters that arose from your stay with us.
 
Furthermore, by keeping certain Personal Information on file, such as information regarding guest history and itemized spending, former guests of CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa have the ability to confirm prior transactions and reconcile statements or invoices.
 
2. To Keep Our Guests Informed
 
We may also use this Personal Information to advise you of promotions or to inform you of offers or other information that may be of interest to you.
 
If you do not wish to receive information from CuisinArt Golf Resort & Spa you may advise us or send an e-mail to newsletter@cuisinart.ai
 
How do I revise my Personal Information?
 
If at any time you wish to update your Personal Information, you may do so by contacting us via e-mail at reservations@cuisinart.ai
 
 
 
​ Back to THE RESORT
 
 
 

