Rebellion Developments Limited treat the privacy of our visitors with the highest importance. This policy details the measures we take to preserving and safely guarding your privacy when you visit or communicate with our site or personnel.
A detailed explanation of how we may store or otherwise use personal information about you is explained in this Privacy Policy.
Regular updates of the Privacy Policy are completed, requiring you to check back on this Policy from time to time.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTION
Operation of this site may require collection and processing of the following data:
1.1 Visit details to our site or any resources used on our site are not limited to just location and traffic data, weblogs or other communication information.
1.2 Information given to us when you contact us for any reason.
2. COOKIES
We use cookies on our websites in order to provide enhanced functionality to users. The information is gained in a statistical manner for our use on this site. Data gathered will not identify you personally. It is strictly aggregate statistical data about our visitors and how they used our resources on the site.  No identifying personal information will be shared at any time via cookies. You may elect to decline all cookies via your computer.  Every computer or browser has the ability to decline file downloads like cookies. If you do decline cookie downloads you may be limited to certain areas of our site, as there are parts of our site that require cookies.
For more information on the cookies that we use, please see our Cookies Policy.
3. YOUR INFORMATION AND HOW IT IS USED
Primarily, we collect and store data about you to help us provide better service.  The following are purposes we may use your information for:
3.1 At any time you request information from us via a form or other electronic transmission we may use your information to fulfil that request relating to our services and products.  We may also communicate with you on other products or services you may find of interest, only when consent has been provided.
3.2 Where you purchase products or services from us, we will keep your details on file as part of our records after that purchase has been fulfilled. We hold that data not only to satisfy various legal obligations to we are subject (such as our obligations to file accurate tax returns) but also because we have a legitimate interest in keeping accurate records of the business which we have engaged in each year. To the extent that we can, we minimise the amount of data that we hold, and we endeavour to dispose of the majority of this stored data after a period of approximately seven years after it ceases to be used on a day-to-day basis.
3.3 Where you approach us to enquire about employment opportunities or to apply for an advertised vacancy we will keep your details and your application on file irrespective of whether you are successful or not. We do this on the basis that we have a legitimate interest in ensuring that we are able to contact you should a suitable vacancy arise in the future. In particular, if you are a candidate who we consider has particularly specialist skills, then we may keep your details on file for several years. You are always entitled to ask us not to do this, or to have us dispose of your data – for more information, please see the section on your rights (Section 7).
3.4 We have the right to notify you of changes to our website, products or services that could affect our service to you.
3.5 Where you indicate that you would like us to do so, to send you information on products or services similar to those of an existing consumer purchase.  The information sent to you in a communication will be similar to the subject of a recent sale.
3.6 We may also use your information or allow a third party use of this data, to offer you information about unrelated products or services you may be interested in.  We or third parties will only communicate with you have consented to such communication and data use.
3.7 New consumers can be contacted by our website or third parties only if consent has been granted, and only for those communications you have granted. 
3.8 An opportunity for declining your consent is provided on our site.  Use this opportunity to withhold your details from us or third parties, regarding data we may collect.
3.9 Be aware we do not reveal identifiable information about you to our advertisers, though we may at times share statistical visitor information with our advertisers.   
4. STORAGE OF PERSONAL DATA
4.1 Information submitted by you is stored on secure servers we have.
4.2 As you know, transmission of data on the internet is never guaranteed regarding safety.  It is impossible to guarantee your safety with electronic data and transmission.  You are therefore at your own risk if you elect to transmit any data.  When offered you may create a password, but you are responsible for keeping it confidential.  
5. INFORMATION SHARING
5.1 If necessary, we may share personal information to our group members including such entities as subsidiaries, holding companies and their subsidiaries.  Information is shared only when applicable. 
5.2 Third party disclosure may be necessary in regards to personal information:
- 5.2.1 A sale of our business or its assets, in full or part, to a third party may require personal data sharing.
- 5.2.2 Legally, we may be asked to share and disclose data details.
- 5.2.3 To assist in reducing credit risk and fraud protection. 
5.3 Where we share data with service providers located outside of the European Economic area we take measures to ensure that these transfers are lawful and that your rights are protected. We usually accomplish by using the European Union’s standard contract clauses for international data transfers – but if you would like to know more about how we manage these relationships then you can contact us for specific information using the contact details provided in Section 8.
6. THIRD PARTY LINKS
Links on our site that direct to third parties may be found.  These websites have their own Privacy Policies, which you will be bound by when you use their sites. You should read third party policies in full.  We do not accept claims of liability or responsibility in any way for these policies or links, as we have no way to control the third party sites.
7.  Your rights
As a data subject you have a number of rights in relation to your personal data. Below, we have described the various rights that you have, as well as how you can exercise them.
7.1 Right of Access
You may, at any time, request access to the personal data that we hold which relates to you (you may have heard of this right being described as a "subject access request").
Please note that this right entitles you to receive a copy of the personal data that we hold about you in order to enable you to check that it is correct and to ensure that we are processing that personal data lawfully. It is not a right that allows you to request personal data about other people, or a right to request specific documents from us that do not relate to your personal data.
You can exercise this right at any time by writing to us using the contact details set out in Section 8 and telling us that you are making a subject access request. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request.
7.2 Your Right to Rectification and Erasure
You may, at any time, request that we correct personal data that we hold about you which you believe is incorrect or inaccurate. You may also ask us to erase personal data if you do not believe that we need to continue retaining it (you may have heard of this right described as the “right to be forgotten”).
Please note that we may ask you to verify any new data that you provide to us and may take our own steps to check that the new data you have supplied us with is right. Further, we are not always obliged to erase personal data when asked to do so; if for any reason we believe that we have a good legal reason to continue processing personal data that you ask us to erase we will tell you what that reason is at the time we respond to your request.
You can exercise this right at any time by writing to us using the contact details set out in Section 8 and telling us that you are making a request to have your personal data rectified or erased and on what basis you are making that request. If you want us to replace inaccurate data with new data, you should tell us what that new data is. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request.
7.3 Your Right to Restrict Processing
Where we process your personal data on the basis of a legitimate interest (see the previous sections of this Policy which explains how and why we use your information) you are entitled to ask us to stop processing it in that way if you feel that our continuing to do so impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms or if you feel that those legitimate interests are not valid.
You may also ask us to stop processing your personal data (a) if you dispute the accuracy of that personal data and want us verify that data's accuracy; (b) where it has been established that our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where we no longer need to process your personal data (and would otherwise dispose of it) but you wish for us to continue storing it in order to enable you to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
Please note that if for any reason we believe that we have a good legal reason to continue processing personal data that you ask us to stop processing, we will tell you what that reason is, either at the time we first respond to your request or after we have had the opportunity to consider and investigate it.
You can exercise this right at any time by writing to us using the contact details set out in Section 8 and telling us that you are making a request to have us stop processing the relevant aspect of your personal data and describing which of the above conditions you believe is relevant to that request. You do not have to fill in a specific form to make this kind of request.
7.4 Your Right to Portability
Where you wish to transfer certain personal data that we hold about you, which is processed by automated means, to a third party you may write to us and ask us to provide it to you in a commonly used machine-readable format.
Because of the kind of work that we do and the systems that we use, we do not envisage this right being particularly relevant to the majority of individuals with whom we interact. However, if you wish to transfer your data from us to a third party we are happy to consider such requests.
7.5 Your Right to stop receiving communications
Where we send you e-mail marketing communications (or other regulated electronic messages) you have the right to opt-out at any time. You can do this by using the ‘unsubscribe’ link that appears in the footer of each communication (or the equivalent mechanism in those communications).
Alternatively, if for any reason you cannot use those links, or if you would prefer to contact us directly – you can unsubscribe by writing to us at [Privacy@rebellion.co.uk] and telling us which communications you would like us to stop sending you.
7.6 Your Right to object to automated decision making and profiling
You have the right to be informed about the existence of any automated decision making and profiling of your personal data, and where appropriate, be provided with meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing that affects you.
7.7 Exercising your rights
When you write to us making a request to exercise your rights we are entitled to ask you to prove that you are who you say you are. We may ask you to provide copies of relevant ID documents to help us to verify your identity.
It will help us to process your request if you clearly state which right you wish to exercise and, where relevant, why it is that you are exercising it. The clearer and more specific you can be, the faster and more efficiently we can deal with your request. If you do not provide us with sufficient information then we may delay actioning your request until you have provided us with additional information (and where this is the case we will tell you).
8. CONTACTING US
We welcome any queries, requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy, or comments. Please do not hesitate and feel free to contact us at Privacy@rebellion.co.uk
