College of Education
GCU's College of Education is approved by the Arizona State Board of Education and the Arizona Department of Education to offer institutional recommendations (credentials) for the certification of early childhood, elementary, secondary and special education teachers and administrators.
College of Nursing and Health Care ProfessionsThe baccalaureate degree in nursing and master's degree in nursing at GCU are accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE).
GCU's College of Nursing and Health Care Professions is approved by the Arizona State Board of Nursing.
The nursing program is approved by the New Mexico Board of Nursing.
The Bachelor of Science in Athletic Training program is accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Athletic Training Education.
College of Humanities and Social SciencesOur Master of Science in Addiction Counseling program has been approved for accreditation through the National Addiction Studies Accreditation Commission (NASAC). NASAC accreditation is a new accreditation body resulting from a combined effort of The International Coalition for Addiction Studies Education (INCASE) and the Association for Addiction Professionals (NAADAC) to create a single higher education addiction studies accreditation.College of Science, Engineering and Technology As an established regionally accredited university, our next step is to seek and obtain program-specific accreditation for our engineering and technology programs. Program-specific accreditation is voluntary and will provide degrees earned from the College of Science, Engineering and Technology with added value for our students.
Yet, before GCU can receive accreditation for our engineering and technology programs, graduates must have earned a degree from the program. We will not be able to seek accreditation for several years because our programs are so new; however, accreditation for engineering and technology programs will be retroactive when these programs do become endorsed.
GCU remains committed to aligning our engineering and technology programs with accreditation standards. We strive to exceed these high standards to ensure our STEM students receive a quality education during their time here. We acknowledge accrediting bodies seek the following in engineering and technology programs pursuing endorsement:

The institution is committed to improving their educational experience.
The program is committed to using best practices and innovation in education. 
The program is guided by its industry, government and academic constituents through formal feedback.
The program considers the students' perspective as part of its continuous quality improvement process.

Accrediting bodies look for institutions to continually improve upon their programs, and GCU constantly evaluates our programs. We seek feedback from industry on a regular basis to ensure that our curricula are as relevant as possible in today's marketplace.
Intercollegiate AthleticsIntercollegiate athletics function under the guidelines of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I regarding eligibility to participate in intercollegiate sports. In the 2013-14 season, GCU began the process of reclassifying from Division II to Division I as a member of the Western Athletic Conference.
National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I700 W. Washington St.P.O. Box 6222Indianapolis, IN 46202