

					“Data” shall mean any information indicated by You voluntarily and/or collected by VIOUSLY when You are using and/or accessing the Services which may include: - Use of the Site: when You use the Site, Data about Your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by VIOUSLY. The Data can include: Your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and dates, and referring Site addresses.- Subscription to the Platform: when subscribing to the Platform, You will transmit to VIOUSLY Your name, postal address, email address, birth date and bank details, if applicable. VIOUSLY may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to You, such as Your gender. - Social media: If You access or log-in to the Site and/or Platform through a social media or other service or connect the Site and/or Platform to a social media or other service, the information VIOUSLY collects may also include Your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service, any information or content You have permitted the social media service to share with VIOUSLY, such as Your profile picture, email address or friends lists, and any information You have made public in connection with that social media service. When You access the Site and/or Platform through social media services or when You connect the Site and/or Platform to social media services, You are authorizing VIOUSLY to collect, store, and use such information to perform the Services.At the exclusion of Your username and Your avatar, the Data shall not be public unless shared by You within Your VIOUSLY account notably by uploading a video which contains the Data. Please keep in mind that if You directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data, this information may be collected and used by others. Such disclosure will be made under Your sole responsibility.The Site and/or the Platform may link to websites operated by third parties that VIOUSLY does not control. The Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by VIOUSLY through the Site or Services and does not apply to these third party websites. Any Data You choose to disclose to these third party websites will be made under Your sole liability. VIOUSLY does not monitor, control, or endorse the Data collection or privacy practices of any third parties. VIOUSLY encourages You to review the privacy statements of websites You choose to link to from VIOUSLY so that You can understand how those websites collect, use and share Your information.
				

