
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how www.trainzportal.com, www.n3vgames.com, and its software applications, referred to hereafter as Trainz Portal and operated by N3V Games ABN: 43-118-743-534, uses and protects any information that you give Trainz Portal when you use it's Services. Trainz Portal is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, and you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Trainz Portal may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What We Collect
During the course of business, we may collect the following information to ensure distribution of your purchased goods.

Your Full Name
Contact Information
Email Address
Demographic Information, such as Postcode, Preferences or Interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers

What We Do With Your Information
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

Internal record keeping in accordance with local sales legislation.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address provided upon registration.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. Your opinions are important to us and we’re always looking for ways to improve our services offered.

Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, this may prevent you from tracking full advantage of Simulator Central and its offers.
Links to External Websites
From time to time, our website may contain links to external websites. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such site, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and consult the privacy policy applicable to the website in question.
Controlling Your Personal Information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your preference at any time and can opt out by following the unsubscribe link in all marketing email correspondence from Trainz Portal. Alternatively you can contact us via our Contact Form under Support, and express your concerns.

We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission, or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find relevant to your indicated interests.
Requests for details about stored information are handled under Australian Legislative Law, relevant to local state in which Trainz Portal is based.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible, via our submission forms. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.

