BIG4 respects your privacy and for that reason we will only deal with your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy as stated below or by calling our Privacy Officer on 03 9811 9300 
1. Introduction
At BIG4, the protection of your privacy is important to us. That is why we have prepared this document to ensure you are aware of your rights and our commitment to your privacy. Under the Privacy Act there are 13 Australian Privacy Principles ("APPs"). These are rules that apply to both public and private sector organisations including BIG4 Holiday Parks of Australia Pty Ltd and which regulate the way in which we deal with your personal information. In this Policy the words "we", "our" or "us" mean BIG4 Holiday Parks of Australia Pty Ltd and our related entities.
2. Information we collect
a. The type of personal information we collect includes:
     i. your name and contact details;
     ii. identification details;
     iii. payment and transaction details/history;
     iv. details regarding participation in BIG4's Loyalty Club Program:
     v. details/history of preferences, interests and behaviour relating to transactions, products, services and activity with our digital services:
     vi. your computer IP address when visiting our website;
     vii. records of your communications and interactions with us, such as details of your previous dealings with us or any of the BIG4 Parks;
     viii. financial information (e.g. for invoicing and payments of services, products and Loyalty Club membership or personal credit information when you make payments to us); and
     ix. Franchise agreement information.
b. Where you provide us with information about other people (e.g. people you're travelling with) you must have consent to do so. If we collect personal information about an individual from you (e.g. to send a BIG4 Gift Voucher), we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the individual will or has been made aware of this privacy policy and:
     i. our identity and how to contact us;
     ii. that he or she can access the information;
     iii. the purpose for which we have collected the information;
     iv. the organisations or types of organisations that we usually disclose the information to;
     v. any law that requires particular information to be collected;
     vi. the main consequences (if any) for the individual if all or part of the information is not provided; and
     vii. whether any personal information is likely to be disclosed overseas, and if practicable, notify the recipient countries.
3. How we collect information
a. Customer Information
     i. in any discussions we have with you, whether in person or by telephone;
     ii. through transactions you make with us and our Franchisee Parks e.g. making a booking, using the BIG4 Loyalty Card, participating in a promotion, competition, registering for a survey; or using a related digital service;
     iii. through our Loyalty Club member application forms;
     iv. through customer feedback and survey forms;
     v. through our website or email server by way of 'cookies'. Cookies are small pieces of data that allow the website to remember something about you at a later time, for example by storing information of how you use the site. You may configure the web browser to refuse or disable cookies.
     vi. through our accounts and payments you make;
     vii. through third parties, including companies running competitions on our behalf, our franchisees and our agents.
b. Franchisee Information
     i. through the methods listed in points 3a (above) and;
     ii. through our agreements and documents relating to the application to become a BIG4 franchisee; and
     iii. through the BIG4 Accreditation and Continuous improvement program.
If you do not wish for your personal information to be collected in a way anticipated by our Privacy Policy, we will use reasonable endeavours to accommodate your request. If we do comply with your request, or you provide us with inaccurate or incorrect information, we may not have sufficient information to conduct our business and we may be limited:
     i. in our ability to provide our services to customers;
     ii. in our ability to manage our franchise relationships;
     iii. in our ability to keep you informed of company updates and services information;
     iv. in considering your application for employment with us; and
     v. in our ability to respond to your inquiry or request.
4. How we use your personal information
a. Customer Information
     i. to assist you with queries;
     ii. to process a booking or application that you have made;
     iii. to conduct and administer the BIG4 Loyalty Program;
     iv. to process and fulfil a Gift Voucher order;
     v. for surveys, direct marketing, promotions and competitions;
     vi. to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of our website;
     vii. to compose diagnostic and statistical information for our computer network;
     viii. to facilitate our internal business operations, including the fulfilment of legal requirements and analysing our services and customer needs with a view to adopting new and/or improved services.
b. Franchisee Information
     i. For the methods listed above in 4a and;
     ii. to assess your suitability as a franchisee, where you make an application to us;
     iii. for accounting purposes such as calculation of franchise fees and royalties, billing of services, products and membership.
5. Direct Marketing
a. When you provide your personal details to us, you consent to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes (for an indefinite period). Some personal information will be disclosed to an organisation or people who assist in our direct marketing, for example an external mail house.
b. From time to time, we may contact you with information about products and services offered by us and our related entities and our business partners, that we think may be of interest to you. When we contact you it may be by mail, telephone, email or SMS.
c. Where we use or disclose your personal information for the purpose of direct marketing, we will:
     i. allow you to 'opt out' or in other words, allow you to request not to receive direct marketing communications; and
     ii. comply with a request by you to 'opt out' of receiving further communications within a reasonable time frame.
d. We will only ever contact you if you have consented to direct marketing, and you can ask to be removed from our marketing lists at any time by directly contacting us.
e. We always provide supporters with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving future information via email. If you don't wish to receive new information, just email us at  info@big4.com.au or contact our Privacy Officer using the details at the end of this Privacy Policy.
6. The quality of your personal information
a. We believe it is important to make sure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. To this end, our staff have procedures to monitor some of your personal information.
b. We also request that you contact us and tell us if any of your personal information has changed (e.g. your address) or if you believe that the personal information is inaccurate. After you advise us, we can then update our records and ensure that the personal information we hold is accurate and up to date.
c. You may contact us and request particulars of the personal information we hold about you and whether that personal information needs to be amended or corrected in any way. You may contact our Privacy Officer on 03 9811 9300 or email your request to info@big4.com.au.
7. How we store and keep information secure
a. We are committed to maintaining the highest level of security of our client(s) files and personal information. We hold personal information electronically and in hard copy form, both at our premises and with the assistance of our service providers.
b. We use the following security measures to protect personal information:
     i. locked offices;
     ii. locked files;
     iii. passwords on all our computers;
     iv. a firewall on our computer network, which is monitored; and
     v. virus protection software.
c. We will keep personal information as long as we need it for the purposes in clause 3a and 3b of this policy, after which time we will destroy or de-identify the personal information. Otherwise we may keep personal information for any period required by law.
8. Disclosure of personal information
a. We may disclose personal information to:
     i. our Park Franchisees (to verify membership details, confirm an accommodation booking, Gift Voucher or prize and to provide you with services);
     ii. a third-party contractor who may be performing services for us that involves your personal information such as our mail house in order to send you a copy of the BIG4 Guide, your Loyalty or Gift Card, advertising agencies, suppliers and our public relations agency;
     iii. In the case of Franchisee information, this may be provided to sponsors of our conference in order to provide you with additional services, contracted assessors for assessment of the quality control standards of our franchisees;
     iv. any other party to which the law obliges us to.
b. We may exchange your personal information with service providers engaged to assist with services including data processing, data analysis, online computing, printing, contact management, legal, accounting, business consulting, marketing, research, auditing, delivery, security and mailing services.
c. Third parties to whom we disclose personal information to may be located in America.
d. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that overseas recipients do not breach the APPs in relation to your personal information, such as by seeking compliance with the APPs in our terms of engagement with those parties. In the event that personal information must be disclosed overseas other than as described above, we will endeavour to obtain consent from you.
e. Please contact us if you do not wish for your personal information to be disclosed overseas. If you do not contact us to make this request, and an overseas recipient of your personal information breaches the APPs, we will not be accountable under the Act and you will not be able to seek redress under the Act.
f. We will not sell your personal information to marketing bodies without your consent.
9. Privacy queries, complaints and further information
a. If you have any concerns, queries, disputes or complaints about our privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact BIG4's Privacy Officer on:
Phone: 03 9811 9300 or
Email: info@big4.com.au
Post: PO Box 543, Camberwell 3124
b. If you have any disputes or complaints, our privacy officer will attend to them and may request that you put your dispute or complaint in writing. Our privacy officer will investigate any dispute or complaint and respond to you within a reasonable time.
c. This privacy policy may be amended or updated to ensure that we maintain the highest standards.
d. All BIG4 Holiday Parks are owned and operated by Franchisees who are individual businessmen and businesswomen. For their individual BIG4 Member Park privacy policies, please contact them directly.
e. For information about privacy generally, or if your concerns are not resolved to your satisfaction, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au and on 1300 363 992
f. This privacy policy was updated on 9 May 2014
