BIG4 Privacy Policy
BIG4 Holiday Parks of Australia PTY Ltd (‘BIG4’, ‘We’ or ‘Us’), at 2/313-317 Burwood Rd, Hawthorn VIC 3122, Australia.
We are a data controller and processor, for the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR (in countries applicable). BIG4 is responsible for the controlling and processing of your personal information as noted below.
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or register on our website https://www.big4.com.au (The Site).
We respect our customers’ privacy and for that reason we will manage our customers’ personal information in accordance with our privacy policy as stated below.
By using or registering on The Site you confirm that you are agree to the BIG4 Privacy and cookie policy detailed below.
 
Personal Information
The type of personal information we collect includes:

Your name and contact details;
Payment and transaction details/history;
Details regarding participation in BIG4's Perks membership program:
Details/history of preferences, interests and behaviour relating to transactions, products, services and activity with our digital services:
Your computer IP address when visiting our website;
Records of your communications and interactions with us, such as details of your previous dealings with us or any of the BIG4 Parks; and
Financial information (e.g. for invoicing and payments of services, products and Loyalty Club membership or personal credit information when you make payments to us).

We will treat this information as personal information.
 
Visiting the Site and Registering your details
When you visit The Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse The Site, we collect information about the individual site pages you view, the websites or search terms that referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site.
We will collect and store your personal information via the following methods:

Provided by you through registration process on the Site; or
Provided by you through mail or phone registration process.

We will treat this information as personal information.
Please note that we do not store any payment details, such as credit card information.
 
Information about other people
Where you provide us with information about other people (e.g. people you're travelling with) you must have consent to do so. If we collect personal information about an individual from you (e.g. to send a BIG4 Gift Voucher), we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the individual will be or has been made aware of this privacy policy and:

Our identity and how to contact us;
that he or she can access the information;
the purpose for which we have collected the information;
the organisations or types of organisations that we usually disclose the information to;
Any law that requires particular information to be collected;
The main consequences (if any) for the individual if all or part of the information is not provided; and
Whether any personal information is likely to be disclosed overseas, and if practicable, notify the recipient countries.

We will treat this information as personal information.
 
Cookies
Cookies are data files that are automatically placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.
 
Type of Cookies
Cookies we use in the Site fall into the following two categories:

Essential cookies, these are cookies originate from our Site:
	
Session cookies are automatically deleted at the end of each browsing session, typically when the web browser is closed; and
Persistent cookies remain until the expiry date and time set by the web server. They can be manually deleted by You.


Essential cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The Site cannot function properly without these cookies.
3rd party cookies originate from a domain that is different to the Site visited.

We will treat this information as personal information.
 
Turning cookies on or off
You have a number of options when it comes to receiving cookies. You can set your browser either to reject all cookies, to allow only ‘trusted’ sites to send them, or to accept only those cookies from websites you are currently using.
We recommend that you do not block cookies from BIG4. We use the data stored in cookies for functionality within the Site and to improve the experience you receive on the Site.
If you prefer not to receive cookies then you accept that you will be unable to set up a user account or register for some of the services we offer; both rely on cookies to function effectively.
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser
 
Log files
Log files gather information and track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
We will treat this information as personal information.
 
Using and Disclosing Your Personal Information
We, use the personal information you provide for the following purposes:
Register your details with BIG4 Holiday Parks of Australia;
Record your booking or other purchase with BIG4 Holiday Parks of Australia;
To maintain a database of current and past guests;
Subscribing to our email newsletter
Additionally, we use the information within log files to help us screen for potential risk and breaches (in particular, IP addresses), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
 
Advertising on the Site
When the Site contains links to a variety of advertising and third-party website sources, BIG4 has no control over the content or privacy policy practices of such sites and encourage our users to review the privacy policies of such sites before engaging in any activity with them.
 
Disclosing and Sharing your personal information
We may disclose your information with the following parties:

With our Parks, to verify your membership details, confirm an accommodation booking, Gift Voucher or prize and to provide you with services;
With third-party contractors or partners who are engaged to perform services on our behalf such as:
	
Sending you a copy of the BIG4 Guide;
Issuing or sending you BIG4 membership or Gift Cards;
Marketing tools that are used to optimise and improve BIG4 customer experience or creating marketing campaigns;
Technology suppliers such as our Australian hosting provider;


All these parties are bound by our mutual non-disclosure agreement that controls the use and disclosure of personal information and prohibits any sharing of information with other entities without express written consent from BIG4.
With legal authorities for any criminal investigation to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.

We use analytical tools to help us understand how our customers use The Site and optimise the user experience on The Site.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our website receives or the most popular parks and destinations. This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services.
We will not sell your personal information to marketing bodies without your consent.
 
Direct Marketing
When you provide your personal details to us, you consent to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes (unless you have already opted out of marketing, or until you opt out). Personal information may be disclosed for marketing purposes to an organisation or people who assist in our direct marketing, for example an external mail house.
From time to time, we may contact you with information about products and services offered by us and our related entities and our business partners, that we think may be of interest to you. When we contact you it may be by email or SMS.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the marketing e-mails we send you or via My Account page on The Site.
 
Protecting, Storing and Disposing Personal Information

Data Storage and Protection
Your data is stored and protected in accordance to industry better practices in BIG4 securely hosted Data Centres in Australia.
Our security practices and processes to store and handle this data is regularly reviewed by independent third-party security firms and optimised in accordance to their recommendations. We regularly monitor The Site using technology tools to help us identify, protect, detect, respond and recover from any malicious activities on The Site that may impact Your data.
Your personal information is stored in our secure data centres in Australia.
 
Data Retention
When you register your information through The Site, we will keep your Information for our records as follows:

Until you request us to delete this information.
If a Park requests us to delete this information
As required by our legal and regulatory requirements

If data cannot be deleted due to integrity of past records (for example historical booking) then personal data will be anonymised or de-identified.
 
Your Rights
As a BIG4 customer, You have the following rights in regards of your data:

Request details about the data we hold about you
Request details about how the data is stored, handled and processed
Request changes and/or modification to the data
Request deleting/de-identifying your details
Request to 'opt out' from receiving direct marketing communications.

If you would like to exercise any of the above, please contact us through the contact information below.
 
Changes to this policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. If you continue to access or use our services after notified changes have come into effect, you will have agreed to the revised policy.
 
Contact Us
If you have any concerns, queries, disputes or complaints about our privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact BIG4's Privacy Officer on:
Phone: 03 9811 9300 or
Email: privacy@big4.com.au
Post: Privacy Officer, BIG4 Holiday Parks of Australia, PO Box 543, Camberwell 3124, Australia
 
Complaints and further information
If you have any disputes or complaints, our privacy officer will attend to them and may request that you put your dispute or complaint in writing. Our privacy officer will investigate any dispute or complaint and respond to you within a reasonable time.
This privacy policy may be amended or updated to ensure that we maintain the highest standards.
All BIG4 Holiday Parks are owned and operated by Franchisees who are individual businessmen and businesswomen. For their individual BIG4 Member Park privacy policies, please contact them directly.
For information about privacy generally, or if your concerns are not resolved to your satisfaction, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au and on 1300 363 992
