
Privacy and cookies
When you create a petition we ask for your name, email address and postcode.
We’ll publish your name along with the petition, but not your email address or postcode. We use these details to make sure you haven’t signed the petition already, and that you’re a real person (not a robot).
We’ll treat your personal information according to the Cabinet Office personal information charter.
We’ll share your details with other government or parliamentary bodies so they can respond to your petition. We may also share your details with government or parliamentary bodies so they can invite you to take part in discussions about the issues raised in your petition.
We won't:

sell your information
email you about anything apart from the petitions you create or sign
publish your details when you sign a petition

We keep web-server logs to help prevent attacks on this website.

Cookies
This website puts small files (known as ‘cookies’) onto your computer to collect information about how you browse the site.
Cookies are used to:

measure how you use the petitions service so it can be updated and improved based on your needs
remember the notifications you’ve seen so that we don’t show them to you again

These cookies aren’t used to identify you personally.
Find out more about how to manage cookies.
Google Analytics cookies
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how you use the service. This information helps us to improve the service.
The Google analytics cookie collects and stores information about:


unique users
informing referring sites
vistor and session counts




Name
Purpose
Expires




_ga
A randomly generated reference is used to identify unique users and inform referring sites, visitor and session counts
2 years


Google isn’t allowed to use or share our analytics data with anyone, but you can opt out of Google Analytics cookies.
Session cookies
We store a session cookie on your computer to help keep your information secure while you use the service.



Name
Purpose
Expires




_epets_session
This keeps your information secure while you use the petitions service
When you close your browser





