Log FilesLike many other Web sites, travelblog.org makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.Cookies and Web Beaconstravelblog.org does not directly use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.travelblog.org does use cookies to maintain user sessions, allow login and use the site in an interactive capacity. These cookies will last the length of your browser session.travelblog.org uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on travelblog.org.Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to travelblog.org and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.htmlSome of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ....Google AdsenseAmazonCatcha Digital AsiaGlobaltrotting Digital MediaThese third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on travelblog.org send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.travelblog.org has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. travelblog.org's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. travelblog.org has no control over the privacy policies of these third-parties.If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.Like many other Web sites, travelblog.org makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.travelblog.org does not directly use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.travelblog.org does use cookies to maintain user sessions, allow login and use the site in an interactive capacity. These cookies will last the length of your browser session.travelblog.org uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at Google's website Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ....These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on travelblog.org send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.travelblog.org has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. travelblog.org's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. travelblog.org has no control over the privacy policies of these third-parties.If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.