Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent
                             unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and
                             managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Tracking Technologies & Third Party Cookies
The use of cookies by our service providers is not covered by our privacy statement.
                             We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use
                             of cookies by WorldWide TravelGuide B.V. only and does not cover the use of cookies by any
                             third-party. We encourage you to review the following privacy policies:
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used
                            these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that
                            other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any
                            information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed
                            by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement
                            applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the
                             following ways:

 whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, the information is not to be
                                used by anybody for direct marketing purposes if you didn't ask for.
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing
                                 purposes (newsletter, member of our Bulletin Board), you may change your mind at any
                                 time by writing to or emailing us.

We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties
                              unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. A small fee can
                              be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete,
                             please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information
                             found to be incorrect.

WorldWide TravelGuide B.V.
Ambachtsweg 12-b
                                    AM Huizen, The Netherlands

