
We collect information about you for two reasons:

to track the contents of your shopping basket and process your order
to provide you with the best possible service by analysing usage trends

LCN under no circumstances send out unsolicited e-mails and will always give you the chance to refuse any marketing e-mail from us.
The type of information we will collect about you includes:

Your name
Postal address
Telephone number(s)
E-mail address
Credit/debit card details

We only require information that is necessary for transactions; you have the option to withhold any personal information that is not required for the transaction. LCN does not pass on or sell any information we hold about you to third parties except where we have an obligation to do so as part of our terms of service see clauses 21.10, 21.11 and 21.12 and/or for the purpose of gathering feedback from customers to help improve the service see clause 41.11 of our terms and conditions. We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by letter. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
We follow the stringent rules of the Data Protection Act 1998 and we, therefore, ensure that information about you is not damaged, destroyed or disclosed to a third party without your permission. However, to uphold this you must confirm you identity before we will disclose any information to you.
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
If we intend to transfer your information outside the EEA (European Economic Area) we will always obtain your consent first.
We may use technology to save information on your computer through a session cookie that allows us to track your user and shopping basket details.
You can usually modify your browser settings to prevent cookies being created/set, however by doing this you will not be able to order from our site.

