
The Residential Tenancies Authority (RTA) necessarily collects personal information from clients to perform key functions in accordance with the Residential Tenancies and Rooming Accommodation Act 2008.  Information about how the RTA protects client privacy is detailed in our Privacy plan.
Website privacy and security statement
The RTA is committed to protecting the privacy of our website users. We understand and appreciate that visitors and users of this website are concerned about their privacy and the confidentiality and security of any information that may be provided to us.
Collection of personal information takes place in a number of ways for example: 

when a person completes and lodges an RTA approved form
when a person registers to become a principal user of eServices, or uses the eAdministration servicein  eServices to update personal information
when a person submits an online enquiry from the Contact page
when a person creates an RTA web account to enable the RTA to send them newsletters, emails and surveys, and to order forms online from the RTA.

The information will not be disclosed to a third party without your consent unless authorised or required by law.  The RTA will only use personal information in the ways detailed in the Privacy plan. 
Email correspondence
Your email address details will not be added to a mailing list (unless you so request), nor will we disclose these details to third parties without your consent, unless required by law. Email messages may be monitored by our information technology staff for system trouble-shooting and maintenance purposes.
Cookies
Cookies are text files that a website can transfer to your computer when you access information on that site. Cookies allow websites to recognise you as you browse their website.
When you visit the RTA website our web measurement tool uses cookies to record anonymous information for statistical purposes, including:

the type of browser, computer platform and screen resolution you are using
your traffic patterns throughout our site such as:
    
the date and time of your visit to the site
the pages you have accessed and documents downloaded
the page visited before accessing this site


the internet address of the server accessing our site
access to information collected

No attempt is or will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect activity logs.
Public records
Email correspondence and information provided via web forms will be treated as a public record and will be retained as required by the Public Records Act 2002 and other relevant regulations.
Use and disclosure
We will only use personal information collected via our website for the purposes for which it was given to us and for related, internal management purposes.
We do not share personal information about you with other government agencies, organisations or anyone else unless one of the following applies:

you have consented
you would expect us to, or we have told you we will
it is required or authorised by law
it will prevent or lessen a serious and imminent threat to somebody’s life or health
the disclosure is reasonably necessary for law enforcement, or for the protection of public revenue.

Security
The RTA takes all reasonable precautions to protect the personal information it holds from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. For more detailed information on privacy please visit the Privacy plan.
Links to other sites
This website contains links to other websites. The RTA is not responsible for the content and privacy practices of other websites.



Feedback Form


Feedback

                        Please note that we cannot respond to any comments made here. If you 
                        need a response, please contact us

Please enter a maximum of 500 characters





                        Please note that we cannot respond to any comments made here. If you 
                        need a response, please contact us


Please select a reason
It didn’t answer my question
It wasn’t detailed enough
It’s hard to understand
There’s a link that isn’t working
There’s a spelling error
I’m not sure what I need to do next
Other

Feedback
Please enter a maximum of 500 characters






