Data protection

Trusted Shops takes the protection of your data very seriously.Our privacy policy declaration explains how carefully we handle your personal data and provides answers to the following questions:
What data will be collected and/or used? How can I correct, block or delete my data? Will my data be passed on to third parties and how will it be protected against misuse? Take a moment to find out what data will be collected and used, and how you can have this data corrected, blocked or deleted.
Principle
Trusted Shops GmbH, the party responsible for the collection, processing and use of data, is committed to protecting the privacy of all persons who use our website and services and to treat their data with confidentiality when collecting, processing and using such data. We are committed to protecting your privacy online. We appreciate that you do not want the personal information you provide to us distributed indiscriminately and here we explain how we collect information, what we do with it and what controls you have. Our employees are regularly obligated to maintain data secrecy. The basis for this are the applicable provisions of law, such as the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the German Telemedia Act (TMG).We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time by changing it on the website. This privacy policy was last updated on 11 September 2012.
Which data is collected and used when I visit the website?
You can visit our website without entering any directly identifiable personal information. When you visit our website, we may automatically collect access information about you, such as the type of internet browser you use, the website from which you have come to our website and your IP address (the unique address which identifies your computer on the internet) which is automatically recognised by our web server. This information is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on our website and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use. We will only store access data without any personal reference. Besides we will use the previously anonymised IP address on our own behalf to locate the country from which you are visiting the website, to offer you the correct language version. The anonymised IP address will not be stored for this purpose.
The use of cookies
In order to make visiting our website appealing and to enable the use of certain functions, we use so-called cookies on various pages. Cookies are small text files that are saved on your computer. Most of the cookies we use are deleted from your hard drive at the end of your browser session (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your computer and enable us to recognise your computer again the next time you visit our site (so-called permanent cookies). Our partner companies are not permitted to collect, or use data from cookies that can be linked to directly identifiable information that we may hold about you via our website.
Web analysis by etrackerData is collected and stored on our website for marketing and optimisation purposes using technologies from etracker GmbH ("etracker"). This data can be used to create a user profile. Cookies may be used to do this. Cookies enable recognition of a user's browser but they do not personally identify users. The data collected by etracker is stored anonymously under an abbreviated form, as a "pseudonym" so that is it not possible to identify individual users.Unless you give your express consent, data collected with etracker technologies will not be used to personally identify you by this website and is not combined with personal data about you or pseudonym data. You may refuse future collection and storage for the purposes of web analysis by etracker at any time on this website.You can change your browser settings so that you are informed about the creation of cookies and either decide each time whether to allow cookies or to block them completely. By disallowing cookies, you may restrict the functionality of our website.
Web analysis by Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of ("Google Inc."). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files that are saved on your computer and enable your use of the website to be analysed. The information, collected by the cookies on your use of the website, is transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there. If IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google will truncate your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other countries that are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the entire address be transmitted to a Google server in the US and truncated there. IP anonymisation is activated on this website. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing the website operator with other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the context of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You can prevent the saving of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookies and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) for Google, as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available through the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB. As an alternative to the browser plug-in, you can click on this link to prevent collection by Google Analytics within this website in future. An opt-out cookie is then stored on your device. If you delete your cookies, you need to click on the link again.
Google Adwords conversion trackingWhen registering for membership and successfully submitting an order, the visitor reaches the order confirmation page. This page is connected to the online advertising programme Google AdWords, a product of Google Inc. (www.google.com). Google uses cookies so that companies which pay Google to display advertisements can ascertain how many people who click on their ads subsequently purchase their products (conversion tracking). The cookie for conversion tracking will only be placed in your browser if you click on an advertisement displayed by Google with regard to which the advertiser has opted for conversion tracking. The cookies will expire after 30 days and contain no information that allows you to be personally identified. If you visit the order confirmation page on the Trusted Shops website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and the advertiser will be able to detect the fact that you clicked on the advertisement and were redirected to that page. Each advertiser receives a different cookie. Cookies cannot therefore be tracked via advertisers' websites. If you would like to deactivate cookies for conversion tracking, you can set your browser so that cookies from the domain "googleadservices.com" are blocked.
What data is collected and processed when I register for Trusted Shops guarantee?
When you register for Trusted Shops guarantee, we require your e-mail address, the total purchase price, your preferred payment method, the order reference, the shop customer number (if available) and the name of the online shop in which you have placed your order.
Your data is used to offer you the guarantee for the purpose of securing your order and to enable you to use the Trusted Shops system. In the Trusted Shops system you can view your active and expired guarantees, claim refunds and submit ratings for your orders. Your e-mail address also serves as the user name for accessing the Trusted Shops system and is stored permanently for this purpose.
We only require additional information and personal details from you to verify and process your request for a refund if you assert a claim under the guarantee. When registering a claim for a refund, your name, your address, your phone number, where appropriate, and your bank details will be collected for the purpose of issuing the refund. This data will be used solely to process the refund claim. This data will subsequently be blocked for any further use and ultimately deleted after all retention periods relating to commercial and tax law have expired.
What data is collected and used when I agree to being reminded to submit a rating?
We only require additional information and personal details from you to verify and process your request for a refund if you assert a claim under the guarantee. When registering a claim for a refund, your name, your address, your phone number, where appropriate, and your bank details will be collected for the purpose of issuing the refund. This data will be used solely to process the refund claim. This data will subsequently be blocked for any further use and ultimately deleted after all retention periods relating to commercial and tax law have expired.Provided that you have given us your express consent to do so during or following your order by activating the appropriate checkbox or by clicking on the button provided for this purpose (e.g. ‘Rate later’ or ‘Secure and remind me to rate’), your e-mail address will be forwarded via the Trusted Shops customer review system to Trusted Shops for the reminder to submit a rating of your order so that we can send you an e-mail reminding you to submit a rating.  The shop URL, order reference, descriptions and item numbers of the ordered products are also forwarded so that these can be rated afterwards. You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.If you register for automatic rating reminders, you will always receive an email asking for your reviews after making a purchase from a Trusted Shops member. Anonymised data is used to recognise you as a customer. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect.
What data is collected and used when I submit a rating?
When you submit a review via the Trusted Shops customer review system without previously having taken out a Trusted Shops guarantee, we require your email address to verify the validity and trustworthiness of the review. The email address is used to verify whether the review actually originates from a customer of the online shop and can be clearly allocated to an order, and is stored for this purpose together with the submitted review. If you submit a product review, the descriptions and item numbers of the products ordered will be stored with the order reference under your email address.
Your email address is also used to enable you to use the Trusted Shops system. In the Trusted Shops system, you can view your active and expired guarantees (where guarantee contracts have been taken out under this email address), submit any claims for refunds, and rate concluded transactions, as well as view and even amend any reviews of shops and/or products you have previously submitted. Your email address also serves as the username for accessing the Trusted Shops system and is stored permanently for this purpose.
You also have the opportunity to personalise your reviews by adding further personal information when submitting the review or storing it in the Trusted Shops system. The reviews you have submitted can then be viewed with this additional information, whereby some of the information is only shown publicly in an abbreviated form to protect your privacy. A summary of all reviews submitted is also publicly available. However, your email address is never displayed publicly.
What data will be collected and processed when reporting a problem using the online form on this site?
When reporting to us a problem with one of the Trusted Shops members, or with an order that you placed with a Trusted Shops member,  via the online form that has been provided for this purpose, we need your valid e-mail address in addition to the shop URL. The email address is required to avoid misuse of the support system and will be saved along with your message for this purpose. Moreover,  your e-mail address may be used for further enquiry on your reported issue. Your e-mail address will not be used for further purposes.
Which data is collected and used if I write a comment on our website?
Personal data (e-mail address, name) is collected if you voluntarily agree to this when commenting on an article. We use the data you choose to supply solely for the publication of your comment. Where you choose to leave a comment it is possible that you may wish to link your user name to your website. Your e-mail address will not be published.
Which data is collected and used if I sign up for the newsletter?
We will only send you our newsletter where you have agreed to receive this. Submission of your e-mail address is required to receive our newsletter any other information that you provide is optional. The newsletter contains current information and offers from Trusted Shops GmbH and from third parties. You may unsubscribe via our newsletter or at any time through an e-mail.
Which data is collected and used when I enquire about or register for membership?
Registration for membership is only available to people who are engaged in commercial or entrepreneurial activities. Personal data is collected if you voluntarily agree to this during contact or upon registration for membership. We use your data for the exclusive purposes of offering you the information or services that you require. The only information and data, which is saved and processed, is that which is absolutely necessary to answer your enquiry or to process the contract.
When making an enquiry or registering for membership you will be asked to provide us with certain personal information such as your e-mail address, your name, address and the address of your online shop. Whether information is mandatory or optional is clearly indicated on the various pages. We require the data to be able to respond to your enquiry or check your membership registration. Insofar as a membership contract exists, you may request that your data be exempt from further processing after full performance of the contract agreement, and that your data be deleted after the expiration of the tax and commercial law period of storage. In the event of contact without completion of a membership contract, your data will be deleted from our customer database on request.
Will my data be passed on to third parties?
Only If the visitor is engaged in commercial or entrepreneurial activities and applies for membership, the following applies: Upon completion of a contract for membership, we pass on your address data to credit agencies when necessary for the purposes of liability risk assessments and credit checks.
In general, other than the disclosures referred to in this privacy policy, your data is not passed on to third parties without your express permission. You will receive emails solely from Trusted Shops GmbH.
How is my data protected from misuse?
We place great importance on the security of all personally identifiable information associated with our users. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable efforts to prevent it.
Using the latest technical and organisational measures, we secure our website and other systems from loss, destruction, access to, change or publication of your data by third parties. We use encryption technology to ensure the highest level of confidentiality when transferring personal data such as enquiry, registration or buyer protection data. Your personal data is password protected, meaning that only you have access to it. Our servers use various security mechanisms and authorisation procedures in order to impede unauthorised access. You should never disclose your access information to others and always close the browser window when you have completed communication with Trusted Shops. You can thereby ensure that nobody can access your personal data if you use a shared computer.
You should bear in mind that submission of information over the internet is never entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via our website whilst it is in transit over the internet and any such submission is at your own risk.
How can I amend, block or delete my personal data?
You can view and edit your own user information at any time in the secure area of the Trusted Shops homepage by logging in with your e-mail address and password. If you forget your password or have problems logging in, please contact us. Please use the contact form to request that your user information be deleted.You have the right to request information about your saved data, as well as the right to have that data amended, blocked or deleted. Such request will be free of charge. Please contact our data protection officer in this regard. As mentioned above, you have a right to prevent the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Data protection officer
If you have any questions regarding the collection, processing or use of your personal data, the disclosure, correction, blocking or erasing of data or the revocation of granted consent, please contact our data protection officer in writing at the following address:Trusted Shops GmbHData protection officerSubbelrather Straße 15c50823 CologneGermany
As well as internal data protection inspections by our data protection officer, the German Federal Data Protection Act provides for supervisory authorities, which help you to enforce your rights. Trusted Shops is covered by the jurisdiction of the supervisory authority of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, whose address is as follows:
Landesbeauftragter für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit Nordrhein-WestfalenUlrich LepperKavalleriestr. 2-440213 DüsseldorfGermanyTel. (0211) 38424-0Fax (0211) 38424-0E-mail: poststelle [at] ldi.nrw.de
Appendix: Declaration of consent
You may have explicitly granted the following consents, which we have logged. Pursuant to the German Telemedia Act, we are obliged to ensure that the content of the consents is available at all times to be accessed by you. You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
Registration for the newsletter
I would like Trusted Shops to regularly inform me of news and offers by e-mail. My e-mail address will not be passed on to third parties. I can unsubscribe from this service at any time by clicking on the link at the end of the newsletter.Using the ‘Rate later’ button
“Yes, I would like to rate my purchase later and receive a one-off e-mail from Trusted Shops reminding me to submit my rating”, or “I would like to be reminded by Trusted Shops to submit a rating”, or “Rate later”, or “Secure and remind me to rate”.
If you register for the automatic rating reminders, you will always receive in the future an email to give feedback after making a purchase from those with Trusted Shops. Anonymised data is used to recognise you as a customer and consent may be revoked at any time with future effect.
    If you register for the automatic rating reminders, you will always receive in the future an email to give feedback after making a purchase from those with Trusted Shops. Anonymised data is used to recognise you as a customer and consent may be revoked at any time with future effect.