 uSwitch Limited (We or us) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy This policy (together with our terms and conditions and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting this website you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. We may amend this privacy policy at any time. Any changes we may make will be posted on this page, so please check back frequently. Your continued use of our website(s) after posting will constitute your acceptance of, and agreement to, any changes. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is uSwitch Limited of Notcutt House, 36 Southwark Bridge Road, London, SE1 9EU. Information we may collect from you We may collect and process the following data about you:   Information you give us You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our website(s) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register for an account, search for a price comparison or quote, enter into a contract for the supply of services, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information and other detailed information provided to allow us to provide you with our price comparison and/or switching service. You may need to provide us with your sensitive personal information to allow us to provide you with quotes, for instance information relating to criminal convictions or to your health. By using our website(s) and providing us with this information, you expressly consent to our use of that information in accordance with this privacy policy.   Information we collect about you When you visit our website(s) we may automatically collect information about your computer, including your IP address, information about your visit and how you use our website.   Information we receive from other sources We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we, or our group companies, operate or the other services we provide. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, service providers, advertising networks, analytics providers, and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.   Cookies Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. You may adjust the settings on your browser to refuse cookies but some of the services on our website(s) may not work if you do so. We may also log information from your computer including the existence of cookies, your IP address and information about your browser program in order to allow us to diagnose problems, administer and track your usage of our website. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy. Uses made of the information We use information held about you in the following ways:  to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us, including providing you with price comparison quotes and switching services; to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about; to provide you, or permit our group companies or selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you, provided that you have opted- in to receive those communications;  to complete any transaction you are undertaking with us; to administer any promotion or competition that you enter via our website(s); to notify you about changes to our service and to send you service emails relating to your account; to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer. to administer our site and for internal business administration and operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;  to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure; to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.  We may share with or sell to third parties aggregate information or information that does not personally identify you. Disclosure of your information We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006. We may share your information with selected third parties including:  Selected energy suppliers, insurers, insurance brokers and other related third parties, to enable us to obtain a quote for you. Their use of any data we provide will be governed by their own terms of use and privacy policy and by asking us to provide the relevant comparison service you are also agreeing to the relevant third parties terms and conditions and privacy policy. Information about the third parties that provide our insurance quote services and their terms and conditions and privacy policies can be found online when you obtain a quote or here. In order to provide you with a quote, some insurance providers may search external sources such as the electoral roll, county court judgments, bankruptcy registers and education sources, where relevant, to check and assess the information you provide when asking for a quote. These searches may be recorded my credit agencies but will not affect your credit standing. Third party providers that you have asked to enter into a contract with for the supply of services.  Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you. Advertisers and advertising networks and other third parties that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.  We may disclose your personal information to third parties: In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. If uSwitch Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets. If required in order to obtain professional advice. If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of uSwitch Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection.  Where we store your personal data The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. Opting Out of Collection of Information by Third Parties uSwitch's group's third-party ad servers, ad network providers, and third-party advertisers (the uSwitch Group Ad Providers) may provide you with advertisements that you may see on our website(s) or on other affiliated websites. To improve the relevancy and help measure the effectiveness of such advertisements, the uSwitch Group Ad Providers may use cookies, web beacons, clear .gifs or similar technologies. These are used to record users' activity, such as the pages visited, and to learn what types of information are of most interest to the users. Use of these technologies by uSwitch Group Ad Providers is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our privacy policy. For more information regarding the choices you have about these technologies (such as opting-out), click here.  Your rights You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking or unchecking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at customer-services@uswitch.com Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. Access to information The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. Updated: February 2016  uSwitch Insurance Comparison Service Providers uSwitch's home insurance comparison service is provided by Autonet Insurance Services Ltd, registered in England No. 3642372. Autonet Insurance Services Ltd has its registered office at Nile Street, Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent ST6 2BA United Kingdom. Autonet Insurance Services Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) (Registration number: 308213). By using the home insurance system you are also agreeing to AutoNet's Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. uSwitch's life insurance comparisons service is provided by ActiveQuote Ltd who are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (501109). Registered Office; Cambrian Buildings, Mount Stuart Square, Cardiff CF10 5FL. By using the life insurance system you are also agreeing to ActiveQuote Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. uSwitch's health insurance comparisons service is provided by ActiveQuote Ltd who are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (501109). Registered Office; Cambrian Buildings, Mount Stuart Square, Cardiff CF10 5FL. By using the health insurance system you are also agreeing to ActiveQuote Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.  