
Use of Cookies & Display Advertising
We collect non-personally identifiable data for two reasons: firstly, to process your order; and secondly, to provide you with the best and most customized service possible. The non-personally identifiable data includes "cookies" which are small text files stored on your computer when you browse a website, allowing it to recognize a returning visitor.
123FormBuilder has implemented and is using third-party vendors like Google Analytics for Display Advertisers (e.g. remarketing). We display content specific advertisements to those who have previously visited our website when they visit other websites that have the Google Display Network implemented. For this purpose, we use cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) to inform, to optimize, and to serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website. These non-personally identifiable cookies collect traffic data such as the source, medium, and keyword(s). Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Preferences Manager. If you would like to opt-out you may use this browser add-on.
Data Collected Through Forms
Form records are private and can be used exclusively by the account owner. 123FormBuilder never discloses the content of submissions under any circumstance, unless specifically requested by legal state authorities.
The forms you create on our site can be shown, unfilled, to the visitors of our site, in order to offer them a better understanding of the results that can be achieved with the solution we provide. You are invited to recommend our services to any persons who might find them useful.
Any web form or survey created by the end user with the translated versions of the 123FORMBUILDER framework and products, along with any information gathered through those web forms and surveys, belong to the end user and neither 123FORMBUILDER nor the PARTNER can hold ownership over them or be liable for it.

