
When you purchase travel products or services, your personal information will be shared with the third parties necessary to successfully complete the transaction -- including the vendors you have selected (for example, airlines, hotels, travel insurance providers, etc.) and others who facilitate the transaction (for example, your credit card company).
As a member or guest, from time to time, you may receive communications from us or third parties performing services on our behalf, which include: (i) specific information we want to communicate to you regarding your travel requests or arrangements, such as any notification of a flight cancellation; (ii) notifications regarding updates or modifications to our Site; and (iii) details regarding any special offers sponsored by us, such as rewards, rebates, sweepstakes, and gift promotions.
As a member or subscriber, you may also choose to receive from us, or trustworthy third parties acting on our behalf, special promotions that we believe will be valuable to you, including, without limitation, e-mails promoting special travel deals, sponsored by us or third-party vendors. If you participate in a contest or sweepstakes, your personal information may be used by us, or trustworthy third parties acting on our behalf, to process your entry and fulfill any prize awarded to you.
From time to time, in an effort to improve our service, we may ask third parties to conduct marketing-research analyses on our behalf and, as such, the information we provide to them is restricted to marketing-research analyses only. Any personal information we provide to such third parties is protected under confidentiality agreements.
We may disclose your personal information (i) if you violate our Terms of Use or any law, rule, or regulation, or (ii) if required by law or regulatory authority (for example, court order or subpoena).
In the event that our Company or this Site or certain of our assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. Use of your personal information by third parties distributing promotions on our behalf shall be subject to our Privacy Policy.

