

Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice 
                  explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your 
                  information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on 
                  our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. 

                  The Information We Collect: email address (Please see our
                  payment processor's Privacy Policy concerning information
                  collected for subscription sales)

                  This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on
                  The PhotoClubs.Com website. On some pages, you can order products/subscriptions, make requests, 
                  and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: 

                  Email address

The Way We Use Information
                  PhotoClubs.Com collects email address for the sole
                  purpose of our opt-in/opt-out email list to notify interested
                  parties of updates and special offers.  This information
                  is kept private and is not sold to any other third
                  party. 

Our Commitment To Data Security
                  To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, 
                  we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and 
                  secure the information we collect online. 

How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
                  You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by
                  sending us a request via email to webmaster@photoclubs.com.
                  We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. 

                  You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that 
                  credibly shows error. 

                  To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before 
                  granting access or making corrections. 

How To Contact Us
                  Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please
                  send us an email at webmaster@photoclubs.com.

