A. How We Share Information
We may share and disclose your Personal Information to the following types of third parties for the purposes described in this privacy policy (for purposes of this section, "you" and "your" refer to Members, Contacts, and Visitors unless otherwise indicated):
(i) Our service providers: Sometimes, we share your information with our third-party service providers, who help us provide and support our Services and other business-related functions.Learn MoreFor example, if it is necessary to provide Members something they have requested (like enable a feature such as Social Profiles), then we may share Members’ or Contacts’ Personal Information with a service provider for that purpose. Other examples include analyzing data, hosting data, engaging technical support for our Services, processing payments, and delivering content.
These third-party service providers enter into a contract that requires them to use your Personal Information only for the provision of services to us and in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy.
In connection with our Services, we use a third-party service provider, Twilio, Inc. We use Twilio's API, which allows us to build features into our MailChimp application to enable us to communicate with our Members through texting and calling, and their "Authy" product, which we use for two-factor authentication for our application. If you are a Member, Twilio may need to collect and process certain Personal Information about you as a controller to provide such services. To learn more about Twilio's privacy practices, please visit https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy. 
(ii) Advertising partners: We may partner with third-party advertising networks and exchanges to display advertising on our Websites or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites and may share Personal Information with them for this purpose.Learn MoreWe and our third-party partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons, to gather information about your activities on our Websites and other sites in order to provide you with targeted advertising based on your browsing activities and interests. For more information about cookies and other tracking technologies, please see our Cookie Statement here.
(iii) Any competent law enforcement body, regulatory body, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (a) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (b) to exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights, or (c) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
(iv) A potential buyer (and its agents and advisors) in the case of a sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, reorganization, or acquisition.Learn MoreIn that event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this privacy policy, including your rights to access and choice. We will notify you of the change either by sending you an email or posting a notice on our Website.
(v) Any other person with your consent.
B. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information (EEA Persons Only)
If you are from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. 
However, we will normally collect and use Personal Information from you where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Typically, our legitimate interests include improving, maintaining, providing, and enhancing our technology, products, and services; ensuring the security of the Services and our Websites; and for our marketing activities.
If you are a Member, we may need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you. In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you.
If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contact with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not, as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Information.
Where required by law, we will collect Personal Information only where we have your consent to do so.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact details provided in the "Questions and Concerns" section below.
C.  Your Choices and Opt-Outs
Members and Visitors who have opted in to our marketing emails can opt out of receiving marketing emails from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of our marketing messages.
Also, all opt-out requests can be made by emailing us using the contact details provided in the "Questions and Concerns" section below. Please note that some communications (such as service messages, account notifications, billing information) are considered transactional and necessary for account management, and Members cannot opt out of these messages unless you cancel your MailChimp account.
D. Our Security
We take appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Information. For further information about our security practices, please see our Security page here. If you have any questions about the security of your Personal Information, you may contact us at privacy@mailchimp.com.
MailChimp accounts require a username and password to log in. Members must keep their username and password secure, and never disclose it to a third party. Because the information in a Member’s MailChimp account is so sensitive, account passwords are hashed, which means we cannot see a Member’s password. We cannot resend forgotten passwords either. We will only provide Members with instructions on how to reset them.
E. International Transfers
(i) We operate in the United States
Our servers and offices are located in the United States, so your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States. While the data protection, privacy, and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take many steps to protect your privacy, including offering our Members a data processing agreement.
(ii) Data transfers from Switzerland or the EU to the United States
MailChimp participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. We are committed to subjecting all Personal Information received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to each Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website, here. 
A list of Privacy Shield participants is maintained by the Department of Commerce and is available here.
MailChimp is responsible for the processing of Personal Information we receive under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfer to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of Personal Information from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to Personal Information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider TRUSTe (free of charge to you) here. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, here, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Members located in Switzerland and the EU should also request our data processing agreement here in addition to relying on MailChimp’s Privacy Shield certification.
(iii) Members located in Australia
If you are a Member who lives in Australia, this section applies to you. We are subject to the operation of the Privacy Act 1988 ("Australian Privacy Act"). Here are the specific points you should be aware of:
Where we say we assume an obligation about Personal Information, we are also requiring our subcontractors to undertake a similar obligation, where relevant.We will not use or disclose Personal Information for the purpose of our direct marketing to you unless you have consented to receive direct marketing; you would reasonably expect us to use your personal details for the marketing; or we believe you may be interested in the material but it is impractical for us to obtain your consent. You may opt out of any marketing materials we send to you through an unsubscribe mechanism or by contacting us directly. If you have requested not to receive further direct marketing messages, we may continue to provide you with messages that are not regarded as "direct marketing" under the Australian Privacy Act, including changes to our terms, system alerts, and other information related to your account.Our servers are located in the United States. In addition, we or our subcontractors may use cloud technology to store or process Personal Information, which may result in storage of data outside Australia. It is not practicable for us to specify in advance which country will have jurisdiction over this type of offshore activity. All of our subcontractors, however, are required to comply with the Australian Privacy Act in relation to the transfer or storage of Personal Information overseas.If you think the information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant, or misleading, we will take reasonable steps, consistent with our obligations under the Australian Privacy Act, to correct that information upon your request.If you are unsatisfied with our response to a privacy matter then you may consult either an independent advisor or contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner for additional help. We will provide our full cooperation if you pursue this course of action.
F. Retention of Data
We retain Personal Information where we have an ongoing legitimate business or legal need to do so. Our retention periods will vary depending on the type of data involved, but, generally, we'll refer to these criteria in order to determine retention period:
Whether we have a legal or contractual need to retain the data.Whether the data is necessary to provide our Services.Whether our Members have the ability to access and delete the data within their MailChimp accounts.Whether our Members would reasonably expect that we would retain the data until they remove it or until their MailChimp accounts are closed or terminated.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
G. California Privacy
Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of Personal Information, such as name, email, and mailing address, and the type of services provided to the customer that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third-parties’ direct marketing purposes, and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us through our contact form or email us at privacy@mailchimp.com.
H. Changes to this Policy
We may change this privacy policy at any time and from time to time. The most recent version of the privacy policy is reflected by the version date located at the top of this privacy policy. All updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this privacy policy or other notice on the Websites. We encourage you to review this privacy policy often to stay informed of changes that may affect you. Our electronically or otherwise properly stored copies of this privacy policy are each deemed to be the true, complete, valid, authentic, and enforceable copy of the version of this privacy policy that was in effect on each respective date you visited the Website.
I. Questions & Concerns
If you have any questions or comments, or if you have a concern about the way in which we have handled any privacy matter, please use our contact form to send us a message. You may also contact us by postal mail or email at:
For EEA Residents:
For the purposes of EU data protection legislation, The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a MailChimp is the controller of your Personal Information. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at dpo@mailchimp.com.
For Non-EEA Residents:
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a MailChimp
Attn. Privacy Officer
privacy@mailchimp.com
675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA