We use your information so we can deliver the banking service that Britain wants in the 21st century. This includes using your information so we can:
Determine your eligibility.
Like all banks, when you apply for products or services, we use automated processes to carry out financial reviews and make faster decisions (for example determining you eligibility for an account or loan). But we want to make sure this works for you and us.
We’ll use automated processes to help decide whether you’re eligible for a particular product, the appropriate amount of credit that we should provide, and to carry out credit and fraud prevention checks. Due to the sheer amount of information involved and the volume of applications, routine human involvement is impractical or impossible. So to allow us to provide banking services, we need to do this work in an automated way. Some fraud checks that we carry out are necessary to meet our legal obligations.
Based on the information you provide us, we’ll compare this against different metrics to determine whether you meet the eligibility criteria for an account. Or to determine whether you’ll be able to make repayments on a product.
We work hard to make sure we make the right decision. Sometimes this means saying no to offering you an account or product. In making these decisions, we’ll pass information to, and receive information from, Credit Reference Agencies.
If we make an automated decision on something important to you, we’ll always allow you to contest the decision, give your views and make sure there’s proper human involvement. If you want to exercise this right, please contact our Data Rights Team using the contact details in section 1. Where possible you should provide any additional relevant information you’d like us to consider. The logic and outcomes of this decision-making are tested regularly to make sure they’re fair, effective and unbiased.
Improve our performance.
We’ll use your information to make sure we give you and other customers the best possible service.
This includes testing new systems, checking upgrades to existing systems, training, undertaking transactional analysis, conducting audits and assessing lending and insurance risks. It also involves customer modelling, statistical and trend analysis aimed at developing and improving products and services, as well as providing information to Regulators. We do this to meet our legitimate interests in providing better services to our customers and making sure your information is appropriately protected.
Send Direct Marketing and Promotional Material.
We’ll offer you an opportunity to receive direct marketing and promotional information. We value our relationship, so we do our best to only send you information we think may be of interest to you personally. We’ll do this by post, email, phone or SMS. But we’ll only send direct marketing to TSB customers in this way if you’ve consented to receive it. And don’t worry. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
We take great care to make sure that information you receive from TSB Bank is likely to be of interest to you. We do this by comparing our range of products and services with what we know about your needs and interests. Whereas we will only send marketing to you if you have consented to this, the work we do to make sure any marketing is likely to be of interest to you personally to meet our legitimate interests in sending marketing material about products you might be interested in. You can tell us to stop doing this at any time by contacting our Data Rights Team, by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ in any marketing email we send you or by following the instructions in our marketing SMS’.
If you use our online services, when you are logged in we’ll aim to give you a personal service so that you see information relevant to you. This will include details of our products that we think will be of interest to you.
When you log in to other secure websites, you may also see TSB advertisements we think may interest you. You can object to this by contacting our Data Rights Team. This means you’ll experience more general webpages. You won’t see fewer advertisements, and the pages and ads may be less relevant to you.
You can object to this by contacting our Data Rights Team. This means you’ll experience more general webpages. You won’t see fewer advertisements, and the pages and ads may be less relevant to you.
Make the most of social media.
If you interact with TSB through social media we may use your information to help us communicate.
To deliver the best customer experience, we partner with software providers that allow us to connect with you via online communities and blogs. These partners manage personal information only in accordance with our instructions. TSB can also require these partners to delete your information, or return it securely to TSB, at the end of our contract with them.
Do what you ask us to do.
If you request particular services from us, or ask a question, we’ll use your personal information to respond. This is to make sure we can provide the best possible service.
Comply with legal obligations.
This might include providing information to HMRC, preventing fraud, money laundering and doing what our Regulators require. We only do this where strictly necessary to comply with these legal obligations.
Deliver better banking for Britain.
This includes using personal information to make sure we:

manage and develop customer relations
assess the suitability of existing and proposed products for our customers
pass information to Credit Reference Agencies (as described below)
conduct internal or external reviews of our performance and quality
instruct our internal or external legal teams
detect and prevent fraud and liaise with police and other anti-fraud agencies
engage with and interact on social media
make sure we manage TSB as effectively and efficiently as possible

We use your personal information in this way as it’s in our business interests. It also allows us to defend our rights, provide a better service to our customers and understand what our customers want from us. Whenever we use your personal information, we’ll always make sure we work to protect your interests and rights. We won’t use your personal information for any purpose incompatible with those set out above. We’ll keep your data appropriately secure, and let you know if we use it for a new purpose.
Occasionally we’ll ask for your specific consent to use your personal information. This might be when we want to record sensitive information, such as details about your health or ethnicity. Asking for your consent gives you control over how this information is used. You can withdraw this consent at any time.
