
Resto.be
				11, Lozenberg
				B-1932 Zaventem
				Tel: + 32 2 702 10 70
				Fax: + 32 2 726 86 48
			
		Privacy policy

Intellectual property 
Resto and Resto.be are trade-mark registered by Dreaminvest.
The Resto.be site is at the same time a creation protected by copyright and a database in respect of which Resto.be owns - unless explicitly stipulated otherwise and in the event that it involves brands belonging to third parties - the copyright and the related production rights.
The texts, lay-out, drawings, photos, films, graphics, routines and sub-routines as well as all the other elements of this site are also protected by copyright.
These rights are in no way licensed nor assigned to third parties. Any copy, adaptation, translation, arrangement, communication to the public, rental or other use, alteration to all or part of this site in any form or by any means whatsoever, whether electronic, mechanical or otherwise, is strictly prohibited, except with the prior written consent of Resto.be.
The content of the database is protected by a sui generis right which authorises the producer to prohibit any extraction and/or reuse of all or part of its content.
Any party infringing these rights is liable to civil or even criminal proceedings in accordance with Belgian law.

Protection of personal data
Objectives of processing personal data
Resto.be collects only the personal data that you transmit to us, such as for example: first names, surnames, post addresses and e-mail addresses.
These data are collected solely via the electronic forms which you are invited to complete when for example:
						- you subscribe to a newsletter,
						- you request information,
						- you participate in a survey or competition,
						- you use a service offered by our web site.
					
The data communicated via these forms is stored in the database of Resto.be. They are used to provide you with the services or information requested and to inform you about other products, services and promotions of Resto.be and its partners.
With your prior authorisation, we will send you commercial information relating to new products, and possibly promotions. You are entitled at any time to inform us that you no longer wish to receive such messages.
For all personal data transmitted by e-mail or by another means, you accept that Resto.be, collects, stores and/or uses these data for the above-mentioned objectives.
Persons having access to the personal data collected
Your personal data are stored in the databases of Resto.be.
Resto.be outsources certain tasks (for example, technical maintenance of our web sites, assistance during promotional campaigns, etc.).
These companies have only temporary access to your personal data and only insofar as such access is indispensable for the purpose of carrying out the tasks entrusted to them.
They may export your data exclusively for use in carrying out their respective tasks and may in no circumstances use them for other purposes.
Resto.be reserves the right to use your personal data or to make them public, if:
- required by law,
					- necessary for the protection of the site's integrity,
					- requested by you,
					- a request for co-operation is received in the event of a police or legal investigation.
Your rights concerning the personal data which we collect
In compliance with the law of 8 December 1992 relative to the protection of personal data, as amended by the law of 11 December 1998 concerning the processing of personal data, you have the right to access your data and alter them, as indicated below, and also to consult the register of the Commission for the Protection of Personal Data.
If your personal data need to be amended, please inform us by letter to the contact address. Depending on the content of your request, we will adapt our data as quickly as possible.
If you wish to consult your personal data, or if you want your personal data to be deleted from our database, or if you object to the use of your personal data, please inform us in writing to the contact address.
The use of "Cookies" by Resto.be
Our cookies make it far easier for you to use our web site.
Resto.be uses them solely to make our web site more user-friendly.
We may use them to personalize your welcome or to keep you up-to-date with the results of competitions in which you have participated.
If you do not want to receive cookies by adjusting the settings of your browser, it is possible that you will no longer be able to access certain parts of the web site.
Advertisement cookies
Belgacom Skynet Advertising is a division of Belgacom which operates an online advertisement network.
When you visit the Resto.be website, Belgacom Skynet Advertising collects socio-demographic details and profile data and stores them anonymously in an advertisement cookie.
Via cookies (a.o. from Google or Criteo) and web beacons Belgacom Skynet Advertising also collects information on your surfing behavior on various other websites which form part of its advertisement network. A web beacon is a small, transparent image that stores information about your browsing behavior on one or more websites. Other advertisement cookies are installed by the advertisers when their advertisement is published on the website.
Advertisement cookies do not contain personal data.
The information collected via these advertisement cookies and web beacons is used to measure the efficiency of the advertising and to tailor the advertisements to your potential interests, not only on our websites but also on other websites which form part of the advertisement network or to which Belgacom Skynet Advertising provides advertising services.
Managing cookies
You can refuse the installation of cookies via your browser settings. You can also remove cookies already installed on your computer or mobile device at any time.
On the following website, you will find the procedure for refusing and removing cookies on the most popular browsers: http://support.en.belgacom.be/app/answers/detail/a_id/15510
If you want to refuse the advertisement cookies (a.o. from Google or Criteo), you can do so via the website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/be-fr/
Links to other sites
The links to other sites which are not operated by Resto.be are offered to you purely for information purposes. We would advise you, when entering these sites, to read carefully their operating terms, in particular as regards the confidentiality of your personal data. Resto.be shall in no circumstances accept liability for the policy or practices of the proprietor or operator of these sites.
As the various restaurants listed on this site are not owned by Resto.be, their owners may also operate their own sites without any control of Resto.be. We would advise you, when entering these sites, to read carefully their operating terms, in particular as regards the confidentiality of your personal data. Resto.be shall in no circumstances accept liability for the policy or practices of the proprietor or operator of these sites or micro-sites.
Changes
This notice may be adapted by Resto.be without prior notice. It is therefore worthwhile visiting this page regularly. Any changes introduced will be effective without any other formality after a waiting period of 8 days.
Security
Resto.be will take all reasonable measures to respect the confidentiality of your personal data. By clicking on the send-button for the transmission of your data, you recognise that sending such data via the Internet is not totally risk-free. Any prejudice suffered by you as a result of the use of your data by an unauthorised third person shall in no circumstances entitle you to claim compensation from Resto.be.
Contact details
Resto.be, Lozenberg 11, 1932 Zaventem

Limitation of our liability
We use our best endeavours to complete and update, as far as possible, the information shown on this site, in order to ensure that the information provided to you is as accurate as possible. It cannot be excluded that the information provided does not correspond to the reality.
					Resto.be cannot guarantee to users of its site that the information provided is either exact or complete and it cannot be held liable for any inaccuracy and/or omissions of one or more pieces of information on its site.
Users are only authorised to download from the Resto.be site to obtain information for private use. Any use for other purposes is expressly prohibited, in particular total or partial reproductions to be distributed by emailing, sms, mms, wap, or on a web site, extranet, intranet, etc.
Resto.be does not guarantee the security of its web site, nor as regards possible viruses or fraud by or via computers.
Resto.be shall not be liable for any loss resulting from the access by Internet users to the Resto.be site or, on the contrary, due to the impossibility to access the site.
Consequently, Resto.be shall not be liable for any prejudice suffered, such as - but without being exhaustive - damage to the visitor's hardware or software further to his visit to our site, unless such prejudice is the result of an act of malfeasance or gross negligence by Resto.be.
Resto.be accepts no liability with regard to the Web sites of third parties to which the visitor may have access via hypertext links on our web site, nor with regard to the information which may be shown on such web sites.


