DEFINITIONS
“Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘You’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
“Processing” means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
“Controller” means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data; where the purposes and means of such Processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.
“Restriction of Processing’ means the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
“Third Party” means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the You, Scrum.org, and persons who, under the direct authority of Scrum.org, are authorized to process personal data.
“Right to Erasure” means the right to be forgotten by Scrum.org by erasure of Personal Data.
“Right to Data Portability” means the right to Personal Data that You have provided to Scrum.org that is in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format including the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from Scrum.org. 
POLICY
Your Personal Data and How We Use It.  
Scrum.org, The Controller, uses Google Analytics and other tools to understand web traffic and website usage.  Some of these tools may capture IP addresses or use cookies.
When you register for certain Scrum.org products or services, we will ask you to provide your name and contact information. The information we collect may be combined with information obtained from other Scrum.org services and other companies. We may use cookies and other technologies to keep track of your interactions with our sites and services.
We use Personal Data to communicate with you, provide you with services, and to help us improve our products and services, maintain class registrations, class attendance, certification test results and validation.
We list the first and last names of customers that have passed our assessments and become certified on our website. We do not sell, rent, or lease Your Personal Data to third parties. 
In order to provide our services, we sometimes must provide Your Personal Data to our partners and other companies that work on our behalf. 
Your Personal Data will be held indefinitely unless you request erasure.
Cookies are used to offer a personalized experience, or to improve our sites and services. We do not conduct phone or postal marketing.  Personal Data submitted by users to the Store(s) when purchasing directly from Scrum.org will be transmitted to and shared with third parties that may be located in other countries, in order to provide services to such users, including but not limited to transaction processing and fraud prevention.
You may choose not to provide Your Data, however Scrum.org will not validate your training or your certification in that case.
Your Rights. 
You have the right to obtain confirmation from Scrum.org as to whether or not Your Personal Data are being Processed, and, where that is the case, access to Your Personal Data and the following information:
the purposes of the Processing;
the categories of Personal Data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the Personal Data have been or will be disclosed;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the Personal Data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Where personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organization, You have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
You have the right to request Rectification or Erasure of Your Personal Data.
You have the Right to request Restriction of Processing or to object to Processing.
You have the Right to Data Portability.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Using Your User Account.
You may review and correct your personal information and preferences
You may choose to have your name removed from the certification list on our website at anytime
You may opt-out of emails from us
You may turn off cookies in your browser
How to Reach Us.
If you have questions about our privacy policy, questions about how Scrum.org uses Your Personal Data, or requests regarding Your Personal Data, please email us at privacy@scrum.org.
 
Last Modified:  November 2017
 
