 All personal information collected by Safe Work Australia is protected by the Privacy Act 1988 (the Privacy Act). 
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected by Safe Work Australia and its contractors and agents.
Collection and using personal information
Safe Work Australia’s functions are set out by the Safe Work Australia Act 2008.
Generally Safe Work Australia collects personal information for purposes in order to properly and efficiently carry out its functions.
Safe Work Australia only uses personal information for the purpose(s) for which it was given and for directly related purposes (unless otherwise required by or authorised by law) or as consented to by the individual concerned.
In addition to this general Privacy Policy we may publish more detailed privacy notices as required if more detailed information is needed to explain our privacy practices
Names, contact details
Safe Work Australia collects names, emails and other contact details as part of:
general enquiries services
public comment processes and events (including awards ceremonies, international delegations)
subscription services for the Safe Work Australia website
general correspondence (including emails), and
data collection and research activities.
Safe Work Australia collects only the minimal amount of personal information necessary to provide these services/
Where practicable users may remain anonymous or use a pseudonym.
Appointments
Safe Work Australia collects names, contact details and more detailed personal information as part of its recruitment and appointments processes. More detailed information includes employment and career history, dates of birth and in some cases criminal history checks.
Personal information collected as part of recruitment processes is used for Safe Work Australia’s recruitment processes and kept for an appropriate period, depending on the outcomes of the processes for the individuals concerned.
Collecting personal information from third parties
Safe Work Australia usually collects personal information directly from the individual concerned or another person authorised by that individual. In some cases it will be collected from a third party if authorised or required by law.
Collection information when visiting a Safe Work Australia website
Safe Work Australia records standard anonymous information about visitors’ computers when accessing the Safe Work Australia website via Google Analytics. We log the following information for statistical purposes to assist in providing a better online service:
IP address and location (city-level)
operating system and device information
the date, time and length of visits
internet service provider
the pages accessed and the documents downloaded, and
the type of browser used.
This information is used for systems administration and statistical analysis.
The collected information does not provide Safe Work Australia with any personal details about individuals, it only provides technical information on the device used to access the website.
If you do not wish for this information to be kept by Safe Work Australia you may disable Google Analytics using Google’s web browser plugin, use a TOR web browser to stay annoynmous online or use other privacy methods that avoid tracking and cookies.
Cookies
Safe Work Australia’s online platforms use cookies. Cookies are used to ‘remember’ visitors’ browsers between page visits. Cookies identify browsers only not individual users.
Safe Work Australia may use cookies to identify patterns of site usage. No personal information is stored within our cookies. If you disable our cookies this won’t affect most of Safe Work Australia’s website although some advanced functions may not be available.
Other options
For those who do not wish to use the internet Safe Work Australia provides alternative ways for people to access our services for example by lodging hard-copy forms by post rather than using online forms.
Cloud services
Safe Work Australia uses a variety of web-based cloud services to provide advanced features for visitors to our website. All cloud services are optional and users will be notified if a cloud service is being used to provide a specific feature.
You may use a pseudonym or other means to keep your identity private when using our cloud services.
For more information please read Safe Work Australia’s cloud policy.
Data quality
Safe Work Australia takes reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information it collects is accurate, up to date, complete and not misleading.
Information sharing
Safe Work Australia only discloses personal information to third parties in the following circumstances:
if you are reasonably likely to have been aware, or made aware by way of a privacy notice, that your personal information is usually passed to the relevant parties
if you have consented to the disclosure of your personal information
if you could have reasonably expected us to use or disclose the information, and the use or disclosure relates to the primary reason it was given
if we reasonably believe the disclosure is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious threat to the life, health or safety of anyone
if the disclosure is required or authorised by or under law or a court or tribunal order, or
if we reasonably believe the disclosure is reasonably necessary for the enforcement of criminal law or a law imposing a pecuniary penalty, or for the protection of public revenue.
See also the section on cloud services.
Access and correction
Subject to any applicable laws Safe Work Australia will up-date, correct or delete personal information you have provided to us in relation to our services upon request and at no charge.
You may also request access to documents in Safe Work Australia’s possession under freedom of information laws.
Refer to Contact Us below.
Information security
Safe Work Australia takes reasonable steps to:
protect personal information we hold against loss, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure or misuse, and
require our contractors to comply with privacy laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures when dealing with personal information under our contracts.
Safe Work Australia’s information and communications technology(ICT) security is largely managed by the Department of Employment under a Memorandum of Understanding.
Key policies include:
access to Safe Work Australia’s records internally on a ‘need to know’ basis and subject to appropriate security clearance
storage of paper records including personnel and human resource files in appropriately secure, locked cabinets, and
clear screen, clear desk policies.
Disposal
Safe Work Australia may destroy records containing personal information in a secure manner in accordance with theArchives Act 1983 and the Administrative Function Disposal Authority.
Contact us
To request access to your personal information under this Policy, make a privacy-related complaint or comment on this policy contact us by emailing foi@swa.gov.au or writing to:
Information Officer
Safe Work Australia
GPO Box 641
Canberra ACT 2601
Safe Work Australia will acknowledge and respond to all privacy-related requests and complaints within 30 days of the request or complaint being made.
