

Välkommen till RealEscort SverigeRealEscort.se är en sida med massage och escorttjejer/flickor från hela Sverige

Privacy Policy

Our Commitment To Privacy:  Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.  The Information We Collect: • We will register you name and address along with your invoice in a customer database, in relation to your purchase. This information will not be passed on to any 3rd party. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on any realescort website.  The Way We Use Information: • We uses cookies to create safety concerning the information, you give on the site.
• We uses log files on the site. The log files are used to register which choices the user makes on the site and which ways he goes.
• By payment with credit cards a registration via a secure server happens, where the information are secured with 128 bit encryption, which makes your information secure.
And we do not store your credit card information.
 Our Commitment To Data Security To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:  You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging in to the website with your username and password.
 We do not under any circumstance, give your information to any one! (Except for criminal case, if ordered by court of law, we will comply and give out the info they ask for, on a case by case basis, this means for every ad they want information, thy must provide a court of law order to us! So if you are not breaking the law, you can rest assured your data is safe with us.)
Only RealEscort site admins and RealEscort's company owners have access to this information.


