HURIX SYSTEMS PRIVATE LIMITED (“Hurix”, “we”, or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the software, applications, products and/or services offered by Hurix (which includes Hurix’s websites, stores, e-reader apps, digital contents etc.), each as defined/described in Hurix’s Terms of Service available athttp://kitaboo.com/privacy-policy/. You expressly consent to the processing of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your personal information may be stored, processed or transmitted in the United States or any other part of the world, where laws regarding storing, processing or transmitting of personal information may be less restrictive than the laws in your country.This Privacy Policy generally applies to all users of Hurix’s software, applications, products and services who are of age 13 or older. If you allow your child between ages 13-17 to use your account, we will collect information from them in the same manner as we collect information from you, as described in this Privacy Policy. You may not allow your child under age 13 to use your account unless you provide consent as described in the ‘Children’s Privacy Policy’ (see below). Our Children’s Privacy Policy generally applies to such under age 13 users. If you are a School Student you should contact your school or teacher to understand your school’s privacy practices.Types of Information We Collect – We collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you use our software, applications, products and services.1.1. Information You Provide to Us. We receive and store any and all information you provide to us:We collect personal information from you when you create an account, such as your birth date, first and last name, e-mail address, school year, school, and gender. If you permit your child to use your account, we may also collect the birth date, school year, school, and gender of your child. You may also create an account by logging in with your credentials from your third party account with certain social networking sites, in which case we may collect and store such login credentials.We (or our payment service provider) collect your credit card or other payment account billing information when you make a purchase, such as your first and last name, billing address, credit card number, security code, and expiration date.We collect any personal information that you include in your user profile and public profile, public contents such as annotations and notes.If you contact us via e-mail, we may collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail.1.2. Information We Collect Through Technology. We also collect and store the following information about you automatically:We collect information related to your use of our products and services, such as your touch gestures, highlights, bookmarks, page views, and other applications you may use with our products and services. Our products provide information to us about its status, such as uptime, available memory, and errors that may have occurred.Our servers collect information related to your use of our products and services, such as what web browser and operating systems you are currently using, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the domain name you originated from, and a date and time stamp for your visit.We may also use “cookies,” Flash cookies, and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) on our products and services to gather and store information about your activities relating to our products and services. If cookies or Flash cookies are disabled, then certain areas of our products and services may not work properly.We use software tools such as Flash or JavaScript to collect information about how you interact with our products and services, such as mouse clicks, drags, and hover-overs, response times, errors, and length of visits to certain pages.We may use “web beacons” to gather information about your visit to our products and services, such as what you click on and pages and information you viewed. Web beacons are tiny, invisible graphics with a unique identifier that we place on our web pages and or applications.Our advertisers and partners may also use similar technologies as the ones described above. We do not control use of such technologies used by advertisers and partners and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.Google Analytics.We currently use Google Analytics. Google Analytics collects information anonymously and reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. Please see the following links for more information about Google Analytics:http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html, http://www.google.com/privacy.html, and http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html.KISSmetrics.We currently use KISSmetrics. KISSmetrics provides certain services to Hurix in connection with Hurix’s operation of its products and services, including the collection and tracking of certain data and information regarding the characteristics and activities of visitors to Hurix’s webpages, services etc. Please see the following links for more information about KISSmetrics: https://www.kissmetrics.com/terms and https://www.kissmetrics.com/privacy.Social Networking Sites. If you create an account by logging in with your credentials from your third party account with certain social networking sites (such as Twitter or Facebook), we may receive information about you from such social networking sites, in accordance with the terms and use and privacy policy of that social networking site. If you consent to our sharing your information with these social networking sites (e.g., post public content on your wall), we will share information with them in accordance with your privacy choices. Once we share your information with these social networking sites, the terms and policies of these sites, and not our Privacy Policy, will apply to their use of your information.Public Areas and Other Sharing Features5.1. Public Areas. We display your user name and public profile information when you post public content on public areas using our products and services (e.g., forums, blogs, or other community features) (“Public Areas”). Your user name, public profile information, and public content may be seen by other users of our products and services.5.2. Social Sharing. Our products and services permit you to choose to share your notes or other user content (“Shared Content”) with other users of our products and services. As you make changes to your Shared Content, any users you have chosen to share with will automatically receive updated versions of your Shared Content.5.3. User Statistics. Ourproducts and services permits you to choose to share certain statistics about your use of digital content, ebooks, notes etc. (e.g., how long you read each chapter) with other users of our products and services. As you use your digital content, ebooks, notes etc., any users you have chosen to share your statistics with will automatically receive updates of your statistics.5.4. Other Users. You should be aware that when you use Public Areas, posts public content, sends emails or other messages to other users, or shares notes, other user content, or statistics with other users, that information can be read, collected, used, or further disclosed by other users. We are not responsible for how other users read, collect, use, or further disclose your information.How We Use Your Information. We use your personal information to:create your account and identify you on our system;provide you with, operate, and improve our products and services;respond to your requests, comments and questions and provide you with customer service;provide you with contextual advertisements on our products and services and perform market research;otherwise support the internal operations of our products and services;send you administrative e-mail notifications; andsend you e-mail messages or postal mail informing about our products and services and third party products and services we believe may be of interest to you, such as new features and services, special offers, and updated information, and for other marketing purposes for us or other companies (“Newsletters”).How We Share Your Information. We do not share your personal information with third parties other than as follows:as described in Section 4 (Social Networking Sites) and Section 5 (Public Areas and Other Sharing Features).with our third party service providers who provide support for the internal operations of our products and services and who do not use or disclose personal information for any other purpose.with our subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control, or any companies that acquire our company or our assets (including through bankruptcy). These companies will possess the personal information collected by us and will only use and share your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of your personal information is necessary to: (i) protect the security or integrity of our products and services; (ii) take precautions against our liability; (iii) respond to judicial process; (iv) to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety; or (v) protect the safety of a user.Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Information. We may also use and share aggregated or de-identified information for any purpose and in any manner. This anonymous data we share may include non-personally identifiable data that we create using your personal information by excluding information that makes the data personally identifiable.Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information. We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information.9.1. Disclosure. Because the sharing of personal information is part of the nature of our products and services, Hurix is not required to provide you the choice of allowing Hurix to collect and use your personal information but not disclose it to third parties.9.2. Communications. We may periodically send you free Newsletters (as described above). When you receive Newsletters from us, you may “opt-out” of these emails by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you receive or by contacting us at newsletter@kitaboo.com. Despite your indicated email preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Children’s Privacy Policy, Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, End User Agreement, or other administrative emails.9.3. Changes to Your Information. You may change certain of your personal information by editing your profile through your account or by sending us an e-mail at product.support@hurix.com or postal mail at the address below.Security. Hurix takes reasonable steps to help protect your personal information. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, Hurix cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes to this Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, the last modified Privacy Policy shall be applicable to you.Contacting Hurix. We welcome your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at product.support@hurix.com or contact us at the following address:HURIX SYSTEMS PRIVATE LIMITEDAttn: Privacy PolicyAditya Chakravarthi Director MarketingHurix Systems Private Limited Unit # 102, 1st Floor, Multistoried building, SEEPZ – SEZ, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 096. Tel: + 91-22-61914888 Email: aditya.c@hurix.com Fax: + 91-22-61914899CHILDREN’S PRIVACY POLICYHURIX SYSTEMS PRIVATE LIMITED (“Hurix”, “we”, or “us”) are committed to protecting your child’s privacy. This Privacy Policy explains to parents and guardians (“you”) how we collect, use, and share personal information from users of our software, applications, products and/or services who are under 13 years old (“children”). This Children’s Privacy Policy does not apply to users 13 year old or older; such users should refer to Hurix’s Privacy Policy available at http://kitaboo.com/privacy-policy/. If you are a School Student you should contact your school or teacher to understand your schools privacy practices. Capitalized terms not defined in this Children’s Privacy Policy are defined in Hurix’s Privacy Policy or Hurix’s Terms of Service available at http://kitaboo.com/privacy-policy/.Hurix is/may be required under applicable laws to obtain verifiable parental consent in order to collect, use, or disclose personal information from children. You may provide consent for your child to use our software, applications, products and services by contacting Hurix athttp://kitaboo.com/contact-us/. If you provided such consent, you have agreed to the collection, use, and disclosure of your child’s personal information in accordance with this Children’s Privacy Policy and your child will be deemed a “Home Student”.IF YOU DO NOT PROVIDE SUCH CONSENT, YOU MAY NOT ALLOW YOUR CHILD TO USE OUR SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.Personal information from children may be stored, processed or transmitted in the United States or any other part of the world, where laws regarding storing, processing or transmitting of personal information from children may be less restrictive than the laws in your country.Types of Information We CollectWe collect personal information from your child in a variety of ways when your child uses our software, applications, products and services. Please note that we are prohibited from conditioning a child’s participation in a game, the offering of a prize, or another activity on the child’s disclosing more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in such activity. We may combine information we collect from you (see the Privacy Policy) with information we collect from your child.1.1. Information Your Child Provides to Us. We receive and store any information your child provides to us:We collect personal information such as birth date, school year, school, and gender of your child.We collect any personal information that your child includes in your child’s user profile and public profile, public contents such as annotations and notes.If your child contacts us via e-mail, we may collect your child’s name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail.1.2. Information We Collect Through Technology. We also collect and store the following information about your child automatically:We collect information related to your child’s use of our products and services, such as your child’s touch gestures, highlights, bookmarks, page views, and other applications your child may use with our products and services. Our products and services provide information to us about its status, such as uptime, available memory, and errors that may have occurred.Our servers collect information related to your child’s use of our products and services, such as what web browser and operating systems your child is currently using, your child’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, the domain name your child originated from, and a date and time stamp for your child’s visit.We may also use “cookies,” Flash cookies, and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) on our products and services to gather and store information about your child’s activities relating to our products and services. If cookies or Flash cookies are disabled, then certain areas of our products and services may not work properly.We use software tools such as Flash or JavaScript to collect information about how your child interacts with our products and services, such as mouse clicks, drags, and hover-overs, response times, errors, and length of visits to certain pages.We may use “web beacons” to gather information about your child’s visit to our products and services, such as what your child clicked on and pages and information your child viewed. Web beacons are tiny, invisible graphics with a unique identifier that we place on our web pages and or applications.Our advertisers and partners may also use similar technologies as the ones described above. We do not control use of such technologies used by advertisers and partners and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.Google Analytics.We currently use Google Analytics. Google Analytics collects information anonymously and reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. Please see the following links for more information about Google Analytics: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html, http://www.google.com/privacy.html, and http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html.KISSmetrics.We currently use KISSmetrics. KISSmetrics provides certain services to Hurix in connection with Hurix’s operation of its products and services, including the collection and tracking of certain data and information regarding the characteristics and activities of visitors to Hurix’s webpages, services etc. Please see the following links for more information about KISSmetrics: https://www.kissmetrics.com/terms andhttps://www.kissmetrics.com/privacy.Public Areas and Other Sharing Features4.1. Public Areas. We display your user name and public profile information when your child posts public content on public areas using our products and services (e.g., forums, blogs, or other community features) (“Public Areas”). Your user name, public profile information, and your child’s public content may be seen by other users of our products and services.4.2. Social Sharing. Our products and services permits your child to choose to share your child’s notes or other user content (“Shared Content”) with other users of our products and services. As your child makes changes to his/her Shared Content, any users your child has chosen to share with will automatically receive updated versions of your child’s Shared Content.4.3. User Statistics. Our products and services permits your child to choose to share certain statistics about your child’s use of digital content, ebooks, notes etc. (e.g., how long your child read each chapter) with other users of our products and services. As your child uses his/her digital content, ebooks, notes etc., any users your child has chosen to share his/her statistics with will automatically receive updates of your child’s statistics.4.4. Other Users. You should be aware that when your child uses Public Areas, posts public content, sends emails or other messages to other users, or shares notes, other user content, or statistics with other users, that information can be read, collected, used, or further disclosed by other users. We are not responsible for how other users read, collect, use, or further disclose your child’s information.How We Use Your Child’s Information. We use your child’s personal information to:provide your child with, operate, and improve our products and services;respond to your child’s requests, comments and questions and provide your child with customer service;provide your child with contextual advertisements on our products and services and perform market research;otherwise support the internal operations of our products and services;send you administrative e-mail notifications; andsend you and/or your child e-mail messages or postal mail informing about our products and services and third party products and services we believe may be of interest to you and/or your child, such as new features and services, special offers, and updated information, and for other marketing purposes for us or other companies (“Newsletters”).How We Share Your Child’s Information. We do not share your child’s personal information with third parties other than as follows:as described in Section 4 (Public Areas and Other Sharing Features).with our third party service providers who provide support for the internal operations of our products and services and who do not use or disclose personal information for any other purpose.with our subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control, or any companies that acquire our company or our assets (including through bankruptcy). These companies will possess the personal information collected by us and will only use and share your child’s personal information as described in this Children’s Privacy Policy.if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of your child’s personal information is necessary to: (i) protect the security or integrity of our products and services; (ii) take precautions against our liability; (iii) respond to judicial process; (iv) to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety; or (v) protect the safety of a user.Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Information. We may also use and share aggregated or de-identified information for any purpose and in any manner. This anonymous data we share may include non-personally identifiable data that we create using your child’s personal information by excluding information that makes the data personally identifiable.Your Choices Regarding Your Child’s Personal Information. We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your child’s personal information.8.1. Disclosure. Because the sharing of personal information is part of the nature of our products and services, Hurix is not required to provide you the choice of allowing Hurix to collect and use your child’s personal information but not disclose it to third parties.8.2. Review. You may review your child’s personal information by logging into your account or by sending us an e-mail at product.support@hurix.com or postal mail at the address below.8.3. Retention. Hurix shall retain your child’s personal information for only as long as is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the information was collected.8.4. Deletion. You may request deletion of your child’s personal information by sending us an e-mail at product.support@hurix.com or postal mail at the address below. IN SUCH CASE, YOU MAY NO LONGER ALLOW YOUR CHILD TO USE OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. Hurix will delete your child’s information using reasonable measures to protect against unauthorized access to, or use of, the information in connection with its deletion.8.5. Refusing Further Collection or Use. You may at any time to refuse to permit Hurix’s further use or future online collection of your child’s personal information, and to direct Hurix to delete your child’s personal information (as described above). IN EITHER CASE, YOU MAY NO LONGER ALLOW YOUR CHILD TO USE OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.8.6. Reliance on Parental Instructions. Hurix may, and you authorize us to, rely on the instructions that we reasonably believe are given by you as a child’s parent or guardian. For example, if a person calls our customer support number and provides the account information we request, we may assume that the person calling is the child’s parent or guardian. We will not be held liable for any disclosure made in good faith and following reasonable procedures in responding to a request for disclosure of a child’s personal information from the parent or guardian of the child.Security. Hurix has established and maintains reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personal information collected from children. Hurix also takes reasonable steps to release children’s personal information only to service providers and third parties who are capable of maintaining the confidentiality, security and integrity of such information, and who provide assurances that they will maintain the information in such a manner. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, Hurix cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes to this Policy. We may change this Children’s Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Children’s Privacy Policy, the last modified Children’s Privacy Policy shall be applicable. If we make material changes to this Children’s Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the change on our website and sending you an e-mail at your primary email address, as specified in your account, and requesting renewed verifiable consent from you. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any changes to this Children’s Privacy Policy will be effective immediately for new users of our products and services. Fifteen (15) calendar days after such notice has been sent to parents, we will implement the planned changes. IF WE HAVE NOT RECEIVED YOUR VERIFIABLE PARENTAL CONSENT TO SUCH CHANGE WITHIN SUCH PERIOD, YOU MAY NO LONGER ALLOW YOUR CHILD TO USE OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. You are responsible at all times for updating your account to provide to us your most current e-mail address.Contacting Hurix. We welcome your comments or questions regarding this Children’s Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at product.support@hurix.com or contact us at the following address:HURIX SYSTEMS PRIVATE LIMITEDAttn: Privacy PolicyAditya Chakravarthi Director MarketingHurix Systems Private Limited Unit # 102, 1st Floor, Multistoried building, SEEPZ – SEZ, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 096. Tel: + 91-22-61914888 Email: aditya.c@hurix.com Fax: + 91-22-61914899