



          Your personal privacy and the privacy of your data is paramount to us at MeWe.
          We have prepared this Privacy Policy to clearly explain how we protect you and your data at MeWe.
  		  


        Content Privacy Policy: You Own Your Content
      

        You own your content. We don’t. All your content belongs to you.
        We don’t share your content and we don’t spy on you or your content. Illegal activity is not permitted.
        If we are made aware of illegal activity, we will take appropriate action.
        We ask that you not post any unlawful, harmful, obscene, or pornographic content.
        Please see our Terms of Service for the list of activities that are not permitted at MeWe.
      

        Tracking Privacy Policy: We Respect Your Privacy
      

        We don’t track you personally and we never sell your personal data.
        Here is what we track: we track how users use our site in general so that we can make it better.
        We are monitoring traffic, usage activity, site performance, and we use general analytic tools so that we can improve your experience.
        We do not associate any of this data with you personally.
        We never sell or share your personally identifiable information unless required to do so by law.
      

        Advertising Policy: You Are In Control
      

        We don't provide or share with third-party advertisers, search providers, and ad networks ("Advertisers") any personal information about you.
        You choose your advertising preferences by selecting the product/service categories for ads and coupons you would like to see.
        This is the one of two ways that we know, directly from you, (without ever spying on, profiling, or tracking you), what ads and coupons are most relevant to you.
        Also, when you create a private group, you have the option of choosing the type of group you are creating.
        We use that general information as a guideline for providing ads and coupons to you and your group.
        You also have a “No-Ads” subscription option. We keep your personally self-selected advertising preferences stored so that you can receive the advertisements and ad types you have selected.
        You are in control of this information.
        You can change or delete this information at any time.
        If you click on an ad then we cannot control your privacy once you leave the MeWe site.
      

        Message Disappearance
      

        You have the ability to send certain types of messages through our services that automatically disappear.
        If you send such disappearing messages through our services they will be automatically deleted once they have been viewed or have expired.
      

        But — and this is important — you should understand that users who see your messages can always save them, either by taking a screenshot or by using some other image-capture technology (whether that be software or even something as old-fashioned as a camera to take a photo of your device’s screen).
        The same common sense that applies to the Internet at large applies to MeWe as well: Don’t send messages that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share.
      

        In most cases, once we detect that all recipients have viewed a message, we automatically delete it from our servers. And again in most cases, the services are programmed to delete the message from the recipients’ device as well. There are, however, exceptions to this general rule:
        
We can’t guarantee that messages will be deleted within a specific timeframe. And even after we’ve deleted message data from our servers, that same data may remain in backup for a limited period of time.
We may receive requests from law enforcement requiring us by law to suspend our ordinary server-deletion practices for specific information.
As with any digital information, there may be ways to access messages while still in temporary storage on recipients’ devices or, forensically, even after they are deleted.





        California Disclosures
      

        Do Not Track Policy
      

        We do not allow tracking cookies and we do not allow third parties to collect any personal information on our website.
      

        Third Party Cookies
      

        We do not allow third parties to use cookies to collect information about the use of our website.
      

        California Privacy Rights
      

        We do not share any personal information about our customers with any third parties unless required to do so by law.
        If our practices change, we will address the issue in accordance with California Civil Code Section 1798.83
      

        Your Identity: We Protect It To The Extent The Law Allows
      

        We do our best to protect your identity at all times and we are respectful of the law.
        MeWe will disclose personally-identifying information when required to do so by law.
      

        Linking to Third Party Sites: These Are Your Decisions And Responsibilities
      

        As an optional convenience for you, MeWe offers you the opportunity to link to and/or connect to third party websites,
        advertisers, vendor products, services, etc., including and not limited to social network sites like Twitter.
        When you click-through, connect or link to these third party sites, products, services, etc., you are no longer protected by MeWe's Privacy Policy.
        If you share to any third party social site from MeWe, they will not be able to see back into your MeWe account.
        We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these third parties, as they differ from MeWe's privacy practices as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
        MeWe is not liable for wrongful use, loss, or disclosure of your personally-identifying information related to your use of any third party.
      

        Security: HTTPS and Encryption
      

        We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal user data and other information transmitted to us.
        For example, we encrypt your personally identifiable information, and most, if not all requests from you to the server are created over a secure connection (HTTPS).
        However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
      

        Children's Privacy
      

        We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
        If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child under the age of 13,
        we will delete such information from our records.
      

        Notifications: We’d Like To Keep You Up To Date
      

        If you are a registered user of the MeWe Website and have supplied your email address,
        MeWe will want to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, and keep you up to date about the privacy and integrity issues
        we care most about and how our company is working to support them.
        And you have the option to opt-out of these notifications.
      

        Privacy Policy Changes: Immediate Notification & Easy Opt Out
      

        If MeWe changes any aspect of its Privacy Policy, we will email you immediately with a link to the changes so you can review and understand them,
        and provide you with an easy way to opt out of our service and delete your account if you wish.
      

