Sending marketing communications
Our marketing communications include information about our latest breakthroughs, campaigns and lifesaving work and requests for donations or other support. Occasionally, we may include information from partner organisations or organisations who support us in these communications.  We operate an ‘opt-in only’ communication policy. This means that, except as set out below, we will only send marketing communications to those that have explicitly stated that they are happy for us to do so.
We recognise that consent doesn’t last forever and that circumstances change, so we have placed a cap of 4 years from the last time someone consented to marketing.  You can change your mind about your preferences at any time by contacting us on 0300 123 3379 or preferences@cancer.org.uk.
We may use information you have given us directly, for example the record of your previous donations to and/or relationship with us, your location and demographics, as well as the type of activity you have been involved with, to tailor our communications with you about future activities.
Events and fundraising
When you have asked for details of a CRUK event, we will send you information including, where relevant, ideas for fundraising and reminders on key information about the activity.
Where you have signed up for an event with a third party (for example the London Marathon) and told the event organiser that you wish to fundraise for us, we may contact you with information and support for your fundraising for that event.
Managing your contact preferences
We make it easy for you to tell us how you want us to communicate, in a way that suits you. Our forms have clear marketing preference questions and we include information on how to opt out when we send you marketing. If you don’t want to hear from us, that’s fine, and you can change your preferences at any time.  Just let us know when you provide your data or contact us on 0300 123 3379 or preferences@cancer.org.uk, or visit our webform.
If you’ve decided you don’t want to be contacted for marketing purposes, we may still need to contact you for administrative purposes. This may include where we are processing a donation you’ve made and any related Gift Aid, thanking you for a donation or participation in an event, or keeping in touch with you about volunteering activities you are doing for us.
Building profiles of supporters
At Cancer Research UK, our life-saving work is only made possible thanks to the generosity of our supporters – so it’s vital that our fundraising efforts are as effective as they can be. By developing a better understanding of our supporters through researching them using publicly available sources we can tailor and target our fundraising events and communications (including volunteering opportunities) to those most likely to be interested in them. This allows us to be more efficient and cost-effective with our resources, and also reduces the risk of someone receiving information that they might find irrelevant, intrusive or even distressing.
What information do we collect?
After taking a supporter’s communications preferences into account, we use information we hold on them to research their potential to be a significant donor to CRUK and collect additional details relating to their employment and any philanthropic activity. We may also estimate their gift capacity, based on their visible assets, history of charitable giving and how connected they are to CRUK.
Which information do we use?
We use existing data from CRUK's own database and combine this with information from publicly available sources such as charity websites and annual reviews, corporate websites, public social media accounts, the electoral register and Companies House in order to create a fuller understanding of someone’s interests and support of CRUK.  We only use reputable sources, where someone would expect their information may be read by the public.  We avoid any data that we believe has not been lawfully or ethically obtained, and we do not use information sources which have not been broadcast or made public.
We’re committed to putting you in control of your data and you’re free at any time to opt out from this activity.  To find out more, please contact 0300 123 3379 or preferences@cancer.org.uk.
 
 
