
We use Personal Data and Other Data to provide you with Services, to develop new offerings and to protect the Marriott Group and our guests as detailed below. In some instances, we will request that you provide Personal Data or Other Data to us directly. If you do not provide the data that we request, or prohibit us from collecting such data, we may not be able to provide the requested Services.
We use Personal Data and Other Data for our legitimate business interests, including the following:

 Provide the Services you request. We use Personal Data and Other Data to provide Services you request, including:


 To facilitate reservations, payment, send administrative information, confirmations or pre-arrival messages, to assist you with meetings and events and to provide you with other information about the area and the property at which you are scheduled to visit
 To complete your reservation and stay, for example, to process your payment, ensure that your room is available and provide you with related customer service
 To support our electronic receipt program. When you provide an email address in making a reservation, we use that email address to send you a copy of your bill. If you make a reservation for another person using your email address, that person's bill will be emailed to you, as well. You can opt out of receiving your bill via email and instead receive a paper copy by contacting the front desk

We will use Personal Data and Other Data to manage our contractual relationship with you, because we have a legitimate interest to do so and/or to comply with a legal obligation.

 Personalize the Services according to your Personal Preferences. We use Personal Data and Other Data to personalize the Services and improve your experiences, including when you contact our call center, visit one of our properties or use the Online Services, to:


Customize your experience according to your Personal Preferences
Present offers tailored to your Personal Preferences



We will use Personal Data and Other Data to provide personalized Services according to your Personal Preferences either with your consent or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.

 Communicate with you about goods and services according to your Personal Preferences. We use Personal Data and Other Data to:


Send you marketing communications and promotional offers, as well as periodic customer satisfaction, market research or quality assurance surveys



We will use Personal Data and Other Data to communicate with you with your consent, to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.

 Loyalty Programs. We use Personal Data and Other Data to:


 Offer and manage your participation in our global loyalty programs, as well as others that are specific to certain properties or tailored to your interests
 Send you offers, promotions and information about your account status and activities
 Assess your benefits
 Administer points earned through co-branded credit cards
 Manage your choices regarding how you wish to earn, track and use your points



We will use Personal Data and Other Data in this way with your consent, to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.

 Sweepstakes, activities, events and promotions. We use Personal Data and Other Data to allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests and other promotions and to administer these activities.  Some of these activities have additional rules and may contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Data. We suggest that you read any such rules carefully.

We use Personal Data and Other Data in this way with your consent, to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.

 Business Purposes. We use Personal Data and Other Data for data analysis, audits, security and fraud monitoring and prevention (including with the use of closed circuit television, card keys, and other security systems), developing new goods and services, enhancing, improving or modifying our Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.

We use Personal Data and Other Data in this way to manage our contractual relationship with you, comply with a legal obligation and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.

