
DATA USE
Troopmaster Software only collect and stores information that you, and other users you have authorized to access your site, voluntarily enter into your system. We do not ever use the personal information entered into this system for any reason other than providing support on your account when requested.
While we do not send emails to any members of your unit, we will occasionally send email to existing customers (members who physically purchased the software or are listed as the primary contact for your unit). These emails may include renewal notices (for licenses that will be expiring in the near future) or occasional product announcements as new versions or other items of interest become available. If you do not wish to receive e-mail from us, please let us know by email at sales@troopmaster.com or use the Unsubscribe link found at the bottom of any email that you receive from us.
Troopmaster Software does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to any third parties for any reason.
Troopmaster Software will only disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Troopmaster Software; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Troopmaster Software; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Troopmaster Software, or the public.
SECURITY
We take all available precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. 
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive private and sensitive information, we encrypt the traffic using 256-bit SSL encryption. We also have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Your unit data is stored on our secure server in your unit's own private SQL Server database that only contains information that you or other members of your unit have added to your database. This data may only be accessed by you or other members to whom you have granted access with a valid User ID and Password. This data may only be accessed by our program and our site is configured to prevent any direct access to your data by any other system. The passwords are also encrypted so they can not be read and can only be reset.  Your Database is backed up on a daily basis and can be recovered to any of the last 30 days.
Only employees who require access to information to perform a specific job (e.g., billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information in your database. Your information is stored on a dedicated server in a secure data center in Phoenix, AZ, hosted by Codero.
CHILDREN UNDER THIRTEEN
Our software may be used by customers to collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. It is the responsibility of each customer to ensure that parents of children grant permission to collect and use this information. Troopmaster Software recommends that customers that collect information about children under 13 copy parents on all communication to these children. Troopmaster Software collects this information for the following reason(s): to track their progress in scouting and to facilitate communication with their parents about scouting activities.
If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. If you are a parent and you have questions regarding our data collection practices, please contact us using the information provided at the end of this Statement of Privacy.
COOKIES
Troopmaster Software may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Troopmaster Software may occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company or customer feedback. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how your information is being protected.

                        Troopmaster Software, Inc.
                        PO Box 416
                        Palmyra, VA 22963
                        Updated 04/19/18
                    

