Insight and its affiliates are concerned about privacy issues and want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information.  This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through activities that link to this Privacy Policy including websites and through your interactive business with Insight.  By providing information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Insight complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland.  Insight has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Insight’s certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.
If you are located in the European Union (EU) or Switzerland, please note that Insight abides by the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework agreed to by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the EU/Switzerland with respect to personal information collected by entities located in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland, and transferred to Insight in the United States.  For additional information regarding the Safe Harbor Program, see Insight’s Safe Harbor Policy on this site.
Information We May Collect
Information may include:

Browser  and device information
Server  log file information
Information  collected through cookies and other technologies
Demographic  information and other information provided by you
Personal  Information

For clarity, “Personal Information” is information that  identifies you as an individual, such as:

Name
User  name
Postal  address (including billing and shipping addresses)
Telephone  number
Email  address
Credit  and debit card number
Social  media ID
Country  of residence

How We May Collect the Information
Insight and its affiliates may collect information  in a variety of ways, including:

Through this site:   Insight may collect information through the website when you visit.
Through business interaction:  We may collect information through your or  your employer’s business interaction with our employees or offices.
From other sources:   We may receive information from other sources, such as public databases;  joint marketing partners; social media platforms; or other third parties.

How We May Use Information

processing any order  or enquiry from you 
processing your  interest in us, whether as a potential employee or customer or supplier 
processing your  credit qualifications and billing either internally or through payment  processing vendors 
for statistical  purposes to improve the services we provide 
to administer our  business relationship with you 
to notify you on  topics that may be of interest to you as per your preferences 
to contact you with  information about our company and promotional material on behalf of our clients 
completing or  supporting any transaction or activity you have with us 
research and  development using non identifiable information 
tailoring the site  for its visitors 
statistical analysis  and reporting 
to build order  records or business profiles of individual visitors 
contacting our  visitors for promotion of the site or products 

Cookies
Insight,  its service providers or other third parties may set cookies for your web  browser when you visit our website, use our products or visit a website where  Insight provides ads, content or analytics.  A cookie is a small piece of  information that is stored on a computer for the purposes of identifying that  browser during interaction on websites.  Cookies may be used to store  items such as identifiers and user preferences.  A website may set a  cookie to the browser if the browser’s preferences allow it.  A browser  only permits a website to access the cookies it has set, not those set by other  websites.  Insight may use cookies for a number of purposes, including but  not limited to: accessing your information when you sign in so we can provide  you with customized content; keeping track of your preferences while you are  using Insight services; providing general internal and customer analytics;  maintaining information in both identifiable and anonymous forms; conducting  research to improve the Insight.com experience; and supporting security  measures.
Surveys
The information you provide for surveys will be kept  confidential and used to support your relationship with Insight. Insight may  use online surveys to ask visitors/customers for contact information (like  their email address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the survey  taker information about our company and promotional material on behalf of our  partners. 
Contests/Giveaways
The information you provide during contests and giveaways will  be kept confidential and used to support your customer relationship with  Insight. Insight may ask for contact information (like their email address). We  use contact data from these events to send users information about our company  and promotional material from some of our partners. The contact information is  also used to contact the visitor when necessary. 
Careers 
The information you provide will be kept confidential and  used to evaluate your candidacy for job opportunities with Insight. We provide  electronic applications on our site in which we ask job candidates for contact  information (like their email address) and information regarding work history  and education. We use contact data from our applications to contact those  individuals whose backgrounds most closely meet our requirements to schedule a  personal interview. Other applications will be retained for six months and  reconsidered should an appropriate position become available.
Information Disclosure 
Insight will not give or sell any information regarding you  or your order and the products you purchase to any outside organization for its  use in marketing or solicitation without your consent. Your information may be  shared with agents, contractors or vendors of Insight for the purpose of  performing services for you or Insight.  Insight may release personally  identifiable information when required to by law wherein we have a good-faith  belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial  proceeding, a court order or legal process served on Insight. 
Third-Party Sites 
 This website contains links to other sites.  Insight is  not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
Third Party Advertising Technology
We use analytics tools  and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics and DoubleClick  Cookies, to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and  user metrics when you use our online site. These tools and technologies collect  and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses,  device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and  usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase  history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, and other similar information.
The third party analytics companies who collect information on  our site may combine the information collected with other information they have  independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile  products and services relating to your activities across their network of  websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services. Many of these  companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
We also may permit certain third party companies to help us  tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users and to collect and  use other data about user activities on our site (e.g., to allow them to tailor  ads on third party services). These companies may deliver ads that might also  place cookies and otherwise track user behavior. These companies may use  information about user behavior in order to provide customized advertisements  across various services and products. In the course of providing these  services, products or placing advertisements, these third party companies may  place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer, and may record information  to these cookies based upon your activities on our site and on third party  websites. Each of these companies uses this cookie information according to  their own privacy and security policies. If you wish to not have this  information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out  as indicated in this Policy. Please note this does not opt you out of being  delivered advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.  You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by  visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you  may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google  Analytics opt-out page. Google has additional information available  about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions.
Security 
Insight uses reasonable organizational, technical and  administrative measures to protect information under our control.  This site has security measures in place to  protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.   All account information you use or supply on Insight's Web site when  ordering or tracking products is secure. We use advanced encryption technology  to protect you from unauthorized use of information supplied on our Web site.
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is an industry standard security  protocol used to encode sensitive information such as credit card numbers that  pass between your personal computer and Insight's e-Commerce site. SSL works by  creating a temporary, shared "key" or session that lets only the computers  on either end of a transmission scramble and unscramble information. The SSL  transmission is indecipherable by any individuals or servers that relay the  message between the sender and the receiver. When your web browser enters  Insight's secure Web site, our server hosting the site acknowledges your web  browser with a "server hello." In return, your browser responds with  a "client hello." This communication allows for the browser and  server to determine the level of encryption they both support and will use. Once  "hellos" are exchanged, your browser will ask for Insight's  "digital certificate." The certificate acts as our "commerce  ID" to ensure you that the transactions are between you and Insight.  Companies receive digital certificates from a Certificate Authority, such as  RSA Data Security Inc. or VeriSign Inc. A Certificate Authority verifies a  company's identification and then issues a unique certificate as proof of  identity.  Next the browser and the server create a "master  key." This master key is a codebook that both sides use to encode and  decode transmissions. Only your browser and our server share that master key  which is good only for that particular session. The unique key allows your  browser and our server to exchange sensitive information in a way third parties  can't understand.  Once your transactions are complete and you leave our  secure site, the master key you once held with the server becomes useless. When  you reenter the secure site, the hello, digital certificate and master key  process start over again.
In addition, we may use your IP address to help diagnose  problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is  used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad  demographic information.
Choice/Opt-Out/Correction/Update
You have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving  communications from us and on behalf of our partners at the point where we  request information about the visitor.   In addition, you have the opportunity for changing and/or modifying  information previously provided.  Contact  information for such communications is as follows:

You  may e-mail unsubscribe@insight.com
You  may call the following telephone number: 1.800.INSIGHT 
You  may send mail to the following postal mail address: 

Insight
  Attn:  Business Information/Website Changes
  6820 S. Harl Avenue
  Tempe, Arizona 85283
  United States


Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy  Policy.  Please take a look at the “Last  Updated” legend at the bottom of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was  last revised.  Any changes to this  Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy to  the site.  Your use of the site following  these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
Last Updated September 2015
