
TERMS OF USE
    Welcome to GMANetwork.com. By registering in this website and related websites, you agree to the Terms of Use. Upon successfully completing registration, you will be able to log in to GMANetwork.com and related sites using your information. As a user, you may not use the service in a way that will be harmful to GMA Network, GMANetwork.com, related websites, other users and registered members, and affiliates.
    By registering for membership in GMANetwork.com, you guarantee that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age and you have the legal right and capacity to enter into these Terms and to comply with these Terms. To register, username and password are required. GMANetwork.com reserves the right to reject any username at its sole discretion. Upon registration, you agree to provide accurate, current and complete information as required by the registration form, and comply with these Terms of Use. If any such information provided is inaccurate or incomplete, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to suspend or terminate your membership and/or access to the GMANetwork.com and related websites. As a user, you are responsible for your own account and all your account activities. You must keep your password secret to avoid unauthorized access to your account. As a user, you agree to any information you have entered above being stored in the GMANetwork.com database. The information you provide will be used to inform you of relevant products and services offered by GMANetwork.com, GMA Network, related sites, and partner websites. Your registration details and other information will be kept private and confidential. In no time, unless allowed by you, will it be published or shown to the public. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, the webmaster, administrator and moderators cannot be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
    GMANetwork.com reserves the right to terminate any membership account or deny access to a member at its sole discretion, without prior notice and without liability. GMANetwork.com strives to protect your personal information. However, there is no 100% guarantee in data transmission and electronic storage. GMA Network reserves the right to update the Terms of Use from time to time without notice to you. Your continued use of GMANetwork.com and related websites indicates your acceptance of such changes.
    
PRIVACY POLICY
    GMANetwork.com collects personal information when you register, when you visit GMANetwork.com pages and related websites, when you participate in surveys, and when you enter promotions or contests. The kind of information collected depends on the page you are visiting, the kind of activities you choose to participate in, and the service you avail of. Use of this site indicates your acceptance of this policy. GMANetwork.com automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, and the page you requested. Any personal information you provide us, including your name, address, email address, or telephone number, will be stored in a database for future use but will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of GMA Network, except to provide products or services that you have requested, when we have your permission. GMANetwork.com uses information, to customize advertising and content, improve the website and related sites, contact you, conduct research, enable you to participate in GMA Network and GMANetwork.com activities, among others. We reserve the right to send you communications from GMA Network, GMANetwork.com, and its related websites, such as announcements, administrative messages and official newsletters. You can opt out of receiving these communications, as well as marketing communications from our partners, or can unsubscribe. As much as GMANetwork.com strives to protect your personal information, there is no 100% guarantee in data transmission and electronic storage.
    Like many websites, we use "cookies" or other similar technology on the Website. A cookie is a small amount of data which is sent to your device (computer, tablet, or mobile) and used as a unique identifier. This stays in your hard drive until it is cleared by the user. GMANetwork.com can only access cookies it sent to you and not other cookies sent by other websites.
    GMANetwork.com uses cookies for personalization and to know whether you have visited the site before or if you are a new visitor. This helps us identify features in which you may interest you most, as well as popular pages visited most and longest. Cookies are used to enhance your online experience while you are browsing through the website. We remember your passwords and viewing preferences for ease of use. Users who disable cookies may not be able to fully experience and enjoy the features of GMANetwork.com
    We reserve the right to use anonymous data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis and optimized advertising. We may use the aggregated data ie demographics, interests and behaviour, in order to better understand and serve our customers better. We ensure that the information will not identify any users personally. We may share this type of anonymous data with other parties, including our clients, service providers, business partners for advertising other business purposes. For advertising, we may place cookies to ensure that advertisements are optimized in a way that they are distributed in a proper sequence wherein the same ads are not shown on a single browser repeatedly.
    
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website.
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the ads preference manager. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting aboutads.info.)

COMMUNITY
    Members can participate in the Community, the Forum and social media activities, to exchange ideas and thoughts about GMA Network-related topics with other members, and participate in other services we may offer, including live chats, the ability to comment, rate and share. Use of Community- and social media-related features and services, including the Live Chat and Forum, are governed by the Terms of Use. These are accessible by all members, and any information posted will become public information and will be available to other participating members and visitors to the website and related sites. Members who participate should exercise discretion and best judgment when using Community-related features and services and posting information on the site. We encourage you to participate in Community- and social media-related features and services. However, we request you to keep your exchanges and comments friendly and safe, and to abide by the guidelines set forth in the Community site and Forum section. The opinions expressed in the community- and social media-related features and services do not necessarily reflect those of GMA Network and GMANetwork.com. All statements, advice, opinions expressed, and content in the Community and Forum are those of members only, and are not endorsed by GMA Network and GMANetwork.com. GMA Network and GMANetwork.com will not be held responsible for the reliability or accuracy of such postings or comments, nor will it be held liable for any loss or damage caused by reliance on information obtained from GMANetwork.com, related websites, and posts in the Community and the Forum. Your correspondence and interactions with other members and users of the website, online and offline, are your sole responsibility. GMA Network, GMANetwork.com, its affiliates and partners, and respective officers and employees will not be held liable for any claims, demands and damages that arise from these correspondence and interactions between you and any other member or user of GMANetwork.com and related websites.
    
USER SUBMISSIONS
    GMA Network.com and related websites may offer contests, promotions, raffles and games. Each activity will have its own Terms of Agreement, mechanics, rules and eligibility requirements. Your participation in such an activity indicates your agreement to abide by those rules. Your name and contact details are required for submitting any entry to GMANetwork.com. This information is used to help us verify your identity and the contents of your submission. Your name may be published, but any other information you have provided aside from your name may be withheld from publication upon your request. Any personal information you provide us, including your name, address, email address, or telephone number, will be stored in a database for future use but will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of GMA Network. GMANetwork.com reserves the right to edit, alter, publish, print, distribute, telecast, and otherwise use any material or entry you submitted, including use in advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities. GMANetwork.com also reserves the right not to use the material you submit. GMA Network, GMANetwork.com and related websites, and their officers and employees, will not be liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from the use or inability to use such submissions, or for errors in any submissions. GMANetwork.com does not accept unsolicited material or information for use in the website, related websites, or in GMA Network and its other businesses. When submitting unsolicited materials or information, you waive any claim against GMA Network, GMANetwork.com and its affiliates on the use of such materials and information. In any material or information you submit to GMANetwork.com, you declare that no other party has any rights to the material or information; and that the material or information is not subject to any obligations; and waive any rights on such material or information. GMANetwork.com will not be liable for any use or disclosure of submitted material or information, solicited or unsolicited.

    
CONTENT
    GMANetwork.com and related websites are owned by GMA Network, Inc.
    All content on the site and related websites, unless otherwise stated, are owned, controlled or licensed by GMANetwork.com,
    GMA Network, and its subsidiaries and affiliates. You may not use, reproduce, copy,
    sell, resell, disseminate, in whatever format and means, for any
    commercial purpose, any part and content of GMANetwork.com and related websites,
    without express prior written authorization or permission. At the same time,
    members and users of GMANetwork.com and related sites are prohibited from posting
    and sharing any material that infringes on another party's intellectual property
    rights. If there is an alleged infringement, provide GMANetwork.com with written notice.
    GMA Network, GMANetwork.com and related websites, and their officers and employees,
    will not be liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from any opinion,
    statement, post, or comment made by anyone on the site. GMANetwork.com reserves the right to edit,
    reject to post or remove any content or information submitted to or posted on the website and
    related sites. You agree to release GMA Network, GMANetwork.com, related websites, affiliates,
    and their respective officers and employees from and against all claims, damages, losses, costs
    and expenses directly or indirectly arising from your use of GMANetwork.com and related websites, and their content. GMANetwork.com and related websites may contain links to third party websites, including, but not limited to, the websites of affiliates and partners. If you click on a third party website, you will leave this website and its related sites and this policy
    will not apply to your use of, and activities on, those other websites. GMANetwork.com may modify,
    suspend or discontinue any content, temporarily or permanently, any content, service or product
    offered through the website and related websites without notice.
    Your continued use of GMANetwork.com and related websites, indicate your
    acceptance of such changes and agree that the website and related websites will not be liable for such changes.
    GMA Network reserves the right to update the Terms of Use from time to time without notice to you.
    Your continued use of GMANetwork.com and related websites indicates your acceptance of such changes.



    
COMMENTS
    The comments/feedback posted on this site may include the personal opinions and other expressions of the persons who post entries on a wide range of topics and do not necessarily reflect or represent the views of the management of GMA Network. Neither the user content, nor any links to other websites, are approved or endorsed by GMA Network. GMA Network, its subsidiaries, GMANetwork.com and its other official websites are not responsible nor liable for the content of any postings therein. GMA Network reserves the right (but not the obligation) to exclude or remove any content from such comments/feedback in its discretion.

    Anyone who posts a comment should abide by the Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy.

    
Welcome to GMANetwork.com. By registering in this website and related websites, you agree to the Terms of Use. Upon successfully completing registration, you will be able to log in to GMANetwork.com and related sites using your information. As a user, you may not use the service in a way that will be harmful to GMA Network, GMANetwork.com, related websites, other users and registered members, and affiliates. By registering for membership in GMANetwork.com, you guarantee that you are at least eighteen (18) years of age and you have the legal right and capacity to enter into these Terms and to comply with these Terms. To register, username and password are required. GMANetwork.com reserves the right to reject any username at its sole discretion. Upon registration, you agree to provide accurate, current and complete information as required by the registration form, and comply with these Terms of Use. If any such information provided is inaccurate or incomplete, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to suspend or terminate your membership and/or access to the GMANetwork.com and related websites. As a user, you are responsible for your own account and all your account activities. You must keep your password secret to avoid unauthorized access to your account. As a user, you agree to any information you have entered above being stored in the GMANetwork.com database. The information you provide will be used to inform you of relevant products and services offered by GMANetwork.com, GMA Network, related sites, and partner websites. Your registration details and other information will be kept private and confidential. In no time, unless allowed by you, will it be published or shown to the public. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, the webmaster, administrator and moderators cannot be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised. GMANetwork.com reserves the right to terminate any membership account or deny access to a member at its sole discretion, without prior notice and without liability. GMANetwork.com strives to protect your personal information. However, there is no 100% guarantee in data transmission and electronic storage. GMA Network reserves the right to update the Terms of Use from time to time without notice to you. Your continued use of GMANetwork.com and related websites indicates your acceptance of such changes.GMANetwork.com collects personal information when you register, when you visit GMANetwork.com pages and related websites, when you participate in surveys, and when you enter promotions or contests. The kind of information collected depends on the page you are visiting, the kind of activities you choose to participate in, and the service you avail of. Use of this site indicates your acceptance of this policy. GMANetwork.com automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, and the page you requested. Any personal information you provide us, including your name, address, email address, or telephone number, will be stored in a database for future use but will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of GMA Network, except to provide products or services that you have requested, when we have your permission. GMANetwork.com uses information, to customize advertising and content, improve the website and related sites, contact you, conduct research, enable you to participate in GMA Network and GMANetwork.com activities, among others. We reserve the right to send you communications from GMA Network, GMANetwork.com, and its related websites, such as announcements, administrative messages and official newsletters. You can opt out of receiving these communications, as well as marketing communications from our partners, or can unsubscribe. As much as GMANetwork.com strives to protect your personal information, there is no 100% guarantee in data transmission and electronic storage. Like many websites, we use "cookies" or other similar technology on the Website. A cookie is a small amount of data which is sent to your device (computer, tablet, or mobile) and used as a unique identifier. This stays in your hard drive until it is cleared by the user. GMANetwork.com can only access cookies it sent to you and not other cookies sent by other websites. GMANetwork.com uses cookies for personalization and to know whether you have visited the site before or if you are a new visitor. This helps us identify features in which you may interest you most, as well as popular pages visited most and longest. Cookies are used to enhance your online experience while you are browsing through the website. We remember your passwords and viewing preferences for ease of use. Users who disable cookies may not be able to fully experience and enjoy the features of GMANetwork.com We reserve the right to use anonymous data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis and optimized advertising. We may use the aggregated data ie demographics, interests and behaviour, in order to better understand and serve our customers better. We ensure that the information will not identify any users personally. We may share this type of anonymous data with other parties, including our clients, service providers, business partners for advertising other business purposes. For advertising, we may place cookies to ensure that advertisements are optimized in a way that they are distributed in a proper sequence wherein the same ads are not shown on a single browser repeatedly.Members can participate in the Community, the Forum and social media activities, to exchange ideas and thoughts about GMA Network-related topics with other members, and participate in other services we may offer, including live chats, the ability to comment, rate and share. Use of Community- and social media-related features and services, including the Live Chat and Forum, are governed by the Terms of Use. These are accessible by all members, and any information posted will become public information and will be available to other participating members and visitors to the website and related sites. Members who participate should exercise discretion and best judgment when using Community-related features and services and posting information on the site. We encourage you to participate in Community- and social media-related features and services. However, we request you to keep your exchanges and comments friendly and safe, and to abide by the guidelines set forth in the Community site and Forum section. The opinions expressed in the community- and social media-related features and services do not necessarily reflect those of GMA Network and GMANetwork.com. All statements, advice, opinions expressed, and content in the Community and Forum are those of members only, and are not endorsed by GMA Network and GMANetwork.com. GMA Network and GMANetwork.com will not be held responsible for the reliability or accuracy of such postings or comments, nor will it be held liable for any loss or damage caused by reliance on information obtained from GMANetwork.com, related websites, and posts in the Community and the Forum. Your correspondence and interactions with other members and users of the website, online and offline, are your sole responsibility. GMA Network, GMANetwork.com, its affiliates and partners, and respective officers and employees will not be held liable for any claims, demands and damages that arise from these correspondence and interactions between you and any other member or user of GMANetwork.com and related websites.GMA Network.com and related websites may offer contests, promotions, raffles and games. Each activity will have its own Terms of Agreement, mechanics, rules and eligibility requirements. Your participation in such an activity indicates your agreement to abide by those rules. Your name and contact details are required for submitting any entry to GMANetwork.com. This information is used to help us verify your identity and the contents of your submission. Your name may be published, but any other information you have provided aside from your name may be withheld from publication upon your request. Any personal information you provide us, including your name, address, email address, or telephone number, will be stored in a database for future use but will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of GMA Network. GMANetwork.com reserves the right to edit, alter, publish, print, distribute, telecast, and otherwise use any material or entry you submitted, including use in advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities. GMANetwork.com also reserves the right not to use the material you submit. GMA Network, GMANetwork.com and related websites, and their officers and employees, will not be liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from the use or inability to use such submissions, or for errors in any submissions. GMANetwork.com does not accept unsolicited material or information for use in the website, related websites, or in GMA Network and its other businesses. When submitting unsolicited materials or information, you waive any claim against GMA Network, GMANetwork.com and its affiliates on the use of such materials and information. In any material or information you submit to GMANetwork.com, you declare that no other party has any rights to the material or information; and that the material or information is not subject to any obligations; and waive any rights on such material or information. GMANetwork.com will not be liable for any use or disclosure of submitted material or information, solicited or unsolicited.GMANetwork.com and related websites are owned by GMA Network, Inc. All content on the site and related websites, unless otherwise stated, are owned, controlled or licensed by GMANetwork.com, GMA Network, and its subsidiaries and affiliates. You may not use, reproduce, copy, sell, resell, disseminate, in whatever format and means, for any commercial purpose, any part and content of GMANetwork.com and related websites, without express prior written authorization or permission. At the same time, members and users of GMANetwork.com and related sites are prohibited from posting and sharing any material that infringes on another party's intellectual property rights. If there is an alleged infringement, provide GMANetwork.com with written notice. GMA Network, GMANetwork.com and related websites, and their officers and employees, will not be liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from any opinion, statement, post, or comment made by anyone on the site. GMANetwork.com reserves the right to edit, reject to post or remove any content or information submitted to or posted on the website and related sites. You agree to release GMA Network, GMANetwork.com, related websites, affiliates, and their respective officers and employees from and against all claims, damages, losses, costs and expenses directly or indirectly arising from your use of GMANetwork.com and related websites, and their content. GMANetwork.com and related websites may contain links to third party websites, including, but not limited to, the websites of affiliates and partners. If you click on a third party website, you will leave this website and its related sites and this policy will not apply to your use of, and activities on, those other websites. GMANetwork.com may modify, suspend or discontinue any content, temporarily or permanently, any content, service or product offered through the website and related websites without notice. Your continued use of GMANetwork.com and related websites, indicate your acceptance of such changes and agree that the website and related websites will not be liable for such changes. GMA Network reserves the right to update the Terms of Use from time to time without notice to you. Your continued use of GMANetwork.com and related websites indicates your acceptance of such changes.The comments/feedback posted on this site may include the personal opinions and other expressions of the persons who post entries on a wide range of topics and do not necessarily reflect or represent the views of the management of GMA Network. Neither the user content, nor any links to other websites, are approved or endorsed by GMA Network. GMA Network, its subsidiaries, GMANetwork.com and its other official websites are not responsible nor liable for the content of any postings therein. GMA Network reserves the right (but not the obligation) to exclude or remove any content from such comments/feedback in its discretion. Anyone who posts a comment should abide by the Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy.