

Privacy Policy Statement
 
We take individual privacy seriously. This Statement explains our policies and practices.
 
We respect your privacy and we promise:

to implement computer, physical and procedural safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the personal data we collect
to limit the personal data collected to the minimum required to provide services requested by you
to permit only our properly trained, authorized employees to access personal data
not to disclose your personal data to external parties unless you have agreed, we are required by law or we have previously informed you.





1.


Information collection
 
In order to provide a better service to you, we may collect general personal data (full or partial) such as your company’s name, contact person, address, telephone number, mobile phone, fax number, email address, website, nature of business and product/service details etc. of your company when you register with us, use our services, attend our functions, or communicate with us. In some circumstances, we may also collect personal identification data such as your passport or identity card number, date of birth, nationality for security and verification purposes.
 
As part of our mission to facilitate Hong Kong trade, we collect information and maintain a database about Hong Kong and overseas companies. In the process, we also collect personal information about individual contact persons of the companies or their employees. Separately, we collect personal information of individuals in the course of and in relation to provision of our services or products.
 
It is obligatory for you to supply those personal data indicated as mandatory on the data collection form. If you do not supply such data, we may be unable to provide the requested service.
 
We only retain personal data for so long as it is necessary for the fulfillment of the purpose (including any directly related purpose) for which the data is or is to be used.
 




2.


Use of information
 
The purposes for which information may be used by us in and outside Hong Kong include:

(a)	processing applications (b)	providing services to facilitate trade between Hong Kong and overseas (or otherwise), and providing enquirers with contact and      business information(c)	our operations, e.g., incorporation into our database, analysis, research and auditing (d) notification  of HKTDC trade fairs in Hong Kong and promotional events or trade fairs around  the world (and similar events or trade      fairs organized by our business partners and counterparts)  (e)	distribution of HKTDC publications and research materials (and those of our business partners and counterparts) (f)	marketing HKTDC services or products (and those of our business partners and counterparts engaged in similar or peripheral      activities, such as business matching services, sourcing and conferences) (g)	complying with laws in or outside Hong Kong (h)	legal proceedings, including collecting overdue amounts (i)	other purposes directly relating to the activities identified above (j)	prevention or detection of crime, and protection of the security and safety of our events and trade fairs (k)	verification of identity in events organised by us where it is necessary to verify your identity. 

Your personal identification data such as date of birth and nationality (if collected by us) will be used solely for the purpose in (j) above. Your photo, passport or identity card number & copy will be used solely for the purposes in (j) and (k) above.
 
We may conduct direct marketing via fax, email, direct mail, telephone and other means of communication whether now or hereafter known, or send e-newsletters to you. You may choose not to receive promotional materials, by simply telling us (see below for contact details), and we will cease to do so, without charge.
 




3.


Disclosure
 
We will keep the personal data (whether general personal data or personal identification data)   we hold confidential but may provide your general personal data to:

personnel, agents, advisers, auditors, contractors, financial institutions, and service providers in connection with our operations or services
our overseas offices, promotional event / trade fair co-organizers, affiliates, business partners and counterparts (e.g. other trade promotion bodies, etc.) 
the public, including persons enquiring about Hong Kong companies
persons under a duty of confidentiality to us
persons to whom we are required to make disclosure under applicable laws in or outside Hong Kong
actual or proposed transferees or participants of our       services

To prevent and detect crimes and to protect the security and safety of our events and trade fairs, we may provide your personal identification data such as your full passport/identity card no., date of birth and nationality to the law enforcement authorities in Hong Kong including the Hong Kong Police Force, Immigration Department, Customs and Excise Department and other similar authorities upon their lawful request (but not to any other third party save as expressly specified below).
 
We may also provide your passport or identity card number to personnel, agents, auditors, contractors and service providers in connection with the organization of our events, persons under a duty of confidentiality to us and /or persons to whom we are required to make disclosure under applicable laws in or outside Hong Kong.
 
We cannot control how third parties use information.
 




4.


Cookies
 
Cookies are commonly used to facilitate transmission and to provide more useful features. It is a piece of data stored in your computer. We use these devices to find out more about the use of our websites and user preferences to improve our services. We may share summarized traffic data with advertisers. We note traffic, pages visited and time spent. We store your shopping cart and wish list for your later use. You are not identified. However if you agree by registering with us, we may link the information to you, so that you may receive information more suited to your interests.
 
You may set your browser to reject cookies, or tell you when a cookie is being sent.
 
Cookies are necessary for some features of the website to work, e.g., to maintain continuity during a browser session. If they are not accepted, those features may not work properly.
 




4.1


We use an email delivery and marketing company to send emails that you have agreed to receive. Pixels tags and cookies are used in those emails and at our website to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our web site. 
 




4.2


We use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our Web site. This company may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visit to this Web site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by this company, please refer to the cookie policy of respective company directly.
 








5.


Security
 
Personal data stored electronically are password-protected. Encryption technology is used on our secured web areas. Our computer systems are placed in restricted areas. We only permit authorized employees to access personal data. These employees are trained on our privacy policies.
 




6.


Hyperlinks 
 
Hyperlinks  to other websites are provided for your convenience. You will leave our website  for another location that is not controlled by us. Our privacy policies do not  apply to other websites. Please refer to the privacy policies of the other  websites.
 




7.


Changes
 
We may update this Statement. When we do, the changes will be posted on  www.hktdc.com/mis/pps/en/.
 




8.
 
 
 
 
9.


Data transfers
 
We will generally hold your data on our servers in Hong Kong. However, we may transfer it to our overseas offices elsewhere in the world or to any of the people listed at paragraph 3 above, who may be located elsewhere.
 
Your consent and rights
 
By using our service, making an application or visiting our website, you consent to the collection and use of your information and other activities as outlined in this Statement unless your express consent is otherwise required by the law.
 
Under the Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, you have the right:

to check whether we hold personal data about you and to access such data
to require us to correct inaccurate data
to ascertain our policies and practices in relation to personal data and the kind of personal data held by us.





 
Please send requests to access or correct data, to cease communications, and questions or complaints to:
 
Data Privacy OfficerHong Kong Trade Development Council38th Floor, Office Tower, Convention Plaza1 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong KongTel: (852) 1830 668      Fax: (852) 2169 9688E-mail: databank@hktdc.org
 
We may charge a reasonable fee for processing a data access request.
 
If there is any conflict between the Chinese and English versions of this Statement, the English version prevails.
 
(Last updated on 21-12-2015)

