
Privacy Policy
Last modified: September 5th, 2015
At Privnote, privacy is taken very seriously, since the main purpose of the site is to preserve it. This policy outlines the measures taken by Privnote to protect the privacy of its users.
1. Service description
Privnote is a free web based service that allows users to create encrypted notes that they can share over the internet as unique one-time-use HTTPS URLs (hereafter referred to as links) which expire after its first access via any web browser.
As Privnote does not provide any means for transmitting the link, the act of sending the link is the full responsibility of Privnote users.
Depending on the communication channel of your choice (e.g., email, fax, SMS, phone, instant messaging), there may be a certain risk that third parties intercept your communication, get knowledge of the communicated URL and thus may be able to read your message.
2. How the notes and its contents are processed
The link is generated in the user's browser and at no time is sent as such to Privnote. The link is thus in the sender's (and later possibly in the recipient's) hands only. Therefore, there is no way to recover a note if a Privnote user losses the link.
Since only the link binds the decryption key to the note's content and since Privnote does not have the link, at no time is any note held in any readable format state at Privnote. This assures that nobody (including Privnote's administrators) can read a note.
When a note is retrieved, its data is completely removed from Privnote; there is absolutely no way to recover it again.
When a note is not retrieved after 30 days, Privnote removes it permanently, just as if it were read.
Privnote sysadmin team will do as much as possible to protect the site against unauthorized access, modification or destruction of the data. But, even if someone or something could manage to gain access to the database, they would be unable to read the notes since their contents are encrypted and can't be decrypted without the links which Privnote never has a hold of.
3. Processing of IP addresses
Privnote is not logging the IP addresses; they are processed to enable communication with Privnote's servers but they are not part of the log-files. IP addresses are deleted as soon as they are no longer needed for the purpose of communication.
4. Pseudonymous data
The creator of the note can introduce personal data into the note. Even though this data is encrypted, the data can be decrypted again and thus constitutes pseudonymous (personal) data. In any case, note that from Privnote's database one cannot deduce the note's creator, as Privnote does not store IP addresses.
The decryption of the note's data is in the users' hands (sender and recipient). Privnote is not able to decrypt the note and access the data (personal or otherwise) introduced by the creator since Privnote is never in possession of the decryption key which is contained only in the link.
5. Disclaimer
When a person clicks the note's link, Privnote declines any responsibility related to the note's content.
6. Disclosure of Data to Third Party
Privnote does not share nor sell any information to others, nor use it in any way not mentioned in this Privacy Policy.
7. Use of cookies
Privnote uses persistent cookies only to keep a session in the user's preferred language. Cookies must be enabled for Privnote to function because they are also used as part of the URL hiding mechanism when reading a note. These cookies are deleted immediately after the note is retrieved.
8. Validity of this Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We expect most changes to be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page, and if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice such as a message on the home page. Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date.
9. Contact information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or other concerns regarding privacy issues, please send us an e-mail at info@privnote.com.
Privnote is a service provided by ikatu. The corporate details are as follows:

    Legal Company Name:
    Gletin S.A.
    RUT: 214528610018


    Address:
    Siria 6101, 11400 Montevideo, Uruguay
    Tel/Fax +598 2 600 8887
    email: info@privnote.com


