
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes.
You can update your personal information on your RCPI Digital Hub (accessed when you log in to our website) or if you want to have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from our database, please email your request to us at helpdesk@rcpi.ie. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
Pursuant to the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003, you have certain rights to obtain a copy of the data held about you, for a fee.
Any such data subject requests must be made in writing to the Data Protection Officer on dataprotectionofficer@rcpi.ie or at the postal address set out below and may be subject to the prescribed fee. RCPI may fulfil its obligations of disclosure by making your Personal Data available to you electronically.
For further details on your data privacy rights, please refer to www.dataprotection.ie.
Information security
We work hard to protect RCPI and our users from unauthorised access to or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular:
Your Personal Data is held on our (or our service providers’) secure servers. However, the nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your Personal Data.
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorised access to systems.
We restrict access to personal information to RCPI administrators, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Application
Our Privacy Statement applies to all of the services offered by RCPI but excludes services that have separate privacy statements that do not incorporate this Privacy Statement.
Our Privacy Statement does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including services or websites that may be displayed to you including but not limited to @physicians email, ExOrdo, The Physician Network, our booking/purchasing service, ePortfolio and medical journals, which are linked to our website.
Changes
Our Privacy Statement may change from time to time. We will post any privacy statement changes on this page so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy statement changes).
Any queries or concerns you may have about the processing of personal information should be addressed to:
Data Protection Officer
 Royal College of Physicians of Ireland
 Frederick House
 19 South Frederick Street
 Dublin 2
 Ireland
 Phone: +353 1 863 9721
 Email: dataprotectionofficer@rcpi.ie

