
A
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit our services which may include sending one or more cookies to your device.SecurityWe use multiple security cookies to authenticate users through RCPI Digital Services. For example, we use cookies called "SimpleSAMLAuthToken" and "_shibsession_xxx". These cookies are set by our authentication system and contain digitally signed and encrypted records of your username and browsing session information. The combination of these cookies allows you to pass easily through RCPI Digital Services without having to log in again.These Cookies are removed when you close your browser.ProcessesProcess cookies help make RCPI Digital Services work and deliver the experience that you expect, like navigating around web pages or accessing secure areas of RCPI Digital Services. Without these cookies, RCPI Digital Services cannot function properly. For example, we use a cookie called "RCPIurl" which makes it possible for RCPI Digital Services to know where you started from, so it can return you to that place when you complete a course booking. By blocking this cookie RCPI Digital Services won't know where to return you to which will infringe on your navigation experience.Session StateWebsites often collect information about how users interact with a website. This may include the pages users visit most often, and whether users get error messages from certain pages. RCPI Digital Services use these so-called 'session state cookies' to help us improve our services, in order to improve our users' browsing experience. Examples include "PHPSESSID" and "rcpi_sess". Blocking or deleting these cookies will not render the website unusable.Session ManagementA number of our services also create cookies to improve your user experience by making it easier and faster to navigate through the services. For example, ePortfolio creates a cookie called "NESEportfolioAuth10". These Cookies are removed when you close your browser.AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is an analytics tool that mainly helps us to understand how you engage with RCPI Digital Services. We use Google analytics including universal analytics which set cookies on the domain of the site you are visiting. It uses a set of cookies with names like '__utma', '__utmz' and '__cid' to collect information anonymously and report website trends without identifying individual visitors. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can install the Google analytics opt out browser add-on.Learn more about Google analytics and privacy 
