
SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT - Terms and Conditions
SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT is a free service allowing any internet user 
			to use any of our services freely, but must obey SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT's terms and 
			conditions.  

			SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT Terms of Service are subject to change without notice.
			
			All files are copyright to their respective owners. SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT 
			directs full legal responsibility of files to their respective 
			users. All other content copyright SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT. SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT is not 
			responsible for the content any uploaded files, nor is it in 
			affiliation with any entities that may be represented in the 
			uploaded files.
			
			Except where diligently implied, absolutely NO part of SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT 
			may be reproduced or recreated without explicit written permission 
			by operators of SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT and certified written verification by 
			Notary Public.
			SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT also reserves the right to delete any of it's uploaded 
			contents without reason and at any time. 
			All information provided by the user is strictly confidential. 
			SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT reserves the right to distribute aggregated demographic 
			information provided by the user, but SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT will never release any 
			personal information about the user without permission. However, 
			SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT reserves the right to release user information if user has 
			violated the SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT Terms of Service, if the user has committed 
			unlawful acts, if the information is subpoenaed, or if SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT deems 
			it necessary or appropriate.
			We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit 
			our website. These companies may use information (not including your 
			name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits 
			to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about 
			goods and services of interest to you. 
			
			Any media that you submit to SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT may be redistributed throughout 
			the SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT network of sites, the internet, and other media channels, 
			which may include third-party advertisers.All files are copyright to their respective owners. SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT directs full legal responsibility of files to their respective users. All other content copyright SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT. SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT is not responsible for the content any uploaded files, nor is it in affiliation with any entities that may be represented in the uploaded files. Except where diligently implied, absolutely NO part of SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT may be reproduced or recreated without explicit written permission by operators of SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT and certified written verification by Notary Public.SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT also reserves the right to delete any of it's uploaded contents without reason and at any time.All information provided by the user is strictly confidential. SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT reserves the right to distribute aggregated demographic information provided by the user, but SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT will never release any personal information about the user without permission. However, SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT reserves the right to release user information if user has violated the SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT Terms of Service, if the user has committed unlawful acts, if the information is subpoenaed, or if SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT deems it necessary or appropriate.We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.Any media that you submit to SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT may be redistributed throughout the SafeTXT Safe Links and TXT network of sites, the internet, and other media channels, which may include third-party advertisers.
