APICS Online Privacy Policy
Effective June 22, 2018
APICS respects your privacy as a visitor to its website  and has developed the following privacy policy to inform you about how APICS handles  your personal information after receiving it.   This Privacy Policy governs APICS use of your information both on the  APICS website (http://www.apics.org), and on  the APICS Membership App.


Types  of Information Collected and Stored
1.1 Personal  Information.
When you create a website user profile on our website, create  an APICS ID, sign up to receive an APICS publication, register to become a  member, register for an APICS certification course, register for an APICS  certification test, register for an APICS Conference or other event  hosted by APICS, shop on our website, or otherwise use the APICS website, APICS  may gather your personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”).
Your Personal Information may include, but is not limited  to, your name, address, phone number, email address, birthdate, electronic signature,  personal identification numbers, IP addresses, mobile device identifiers,  geo-location, or any other personally identifying data collected from you by APICS  or its authorized agents.
By using the APICS website, you agree to allow APICS and its  agents to gather, store, and share your Personal subject to the limits of this  Online Privacy Policy.
1.2 Payment  Information.
When you use APICS website to shop for or to purchase APICS  memberships, certification courses, certification testing, or other materials, APICS  utilizes third-party payment processors as its agents (“Payment Agents”) to  process your payment and provide payment verification to APICS concerning your  payment.  APICS and its Payment Agents  utilize systems whereby we substitute a proxy set of identifying information  for your real financial information.  Our  Payment Agents, which do handle your credit cards and other payment  information, are PCI Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”) compliant.  As a result, APICS does not collect or store  your credit card numbers or other similar financially-related Personal  Information and it isn’t exposed more than necessary.  For more information about PCI DSS please  visit https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/about_us/.  By using APICS’ website as described in this  section you expressly consent (opt-in) to the uses of your Personal Information  as described in this section, and subject to the Privacy Policies of APICS  Payment Agents.  
1.3 Sensitive  Information.
APICS does not collect “Sensitive Information.”  Sensitive Information includes biometric  data, psychological identity, genetic identity, economic status, cultural  identity, social identity, or personal information specifying medical or health  conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or  philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex  life of the individual.  
1.4 Analytics  Information.
In an effort to improve visitors’ experiences on the APICS  website, APICS gathers certain information related to individuals’ website  visits.  This information is used solely  to measure and improve our website and services and to better serve our members  and customers.  APICS uses aggregate  statistical data to compile reports. APICS does not correlate its use of Analytics Information, as described in its section, with your Personal Information.  
This analytics  information so gathered is likely to include the following:  
1.4.1 Device  and network specific information, such as your unique device  identifier, operating  system and version, the browser you use, your Internet service provider (ISP),  and your IP address.
1.4.2 Non-personal information, such as  language, zip code, area code, location, and the time zone. 
1.4.3 APICS  website visit information, such as the domain from which you came to our  website or referring links, and details of how you use our website, including but  not limited to what webpages you visit on the APICS website, as well as downloads,  purchases, and orders during the duration of your visit. At times we will track  user behavior over time during interactions with the site in order to pursue  legitimate business interests, including, but not limited to, troubleshooting  technical user issues with site services.    
1.5 Cookies  and Browser “Do Not Track” Notice
1.5.1 APICS  may use cookies on your computer.  A  cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a user's web  browser while the user is browsing that website.  Every time the user loads the website, the  browser sends the cookie back to the server to notify the website of the user's  previous activity.  Third parties that  advertise on the APICS website do not have access to APICS cookies, but they may  use their own cookies on your computer.  Advertisers’  use of their cookies and device identifiers is subject to the advertisers’ own  privacy policies.  APICS does not  correlate its use of cookies with your Personal Information.  
1.5.2 APICS  does not respond to browser Do Not Track (“DNT”) Signals.   APICS websites may utilize page tags or web  beacons to track information related to user visits as a part of APICS data  analytics processes and user experience customization as described below.  Page tags are small pieces of Javascript  embedded in webpages that collect data to help track web traffic on our  website.  Web beacons are very small,  effectively invisible, graphic images we use to count and recognize users on  our website.  Such technologies enable us  to improve and customize user experiences while users visit our website.  APICS does not correlate its tracking  activities through the use of page tags or web beacons with your Personal  Information.  
1.5.3 APICS  may employ third party data analytics firms to track and analyze traffic on the  APICS website, to analyze visitor trends, to determine advertising  effectiveness, browser types and usage trends, and to present targeted ads  based on anonymous information collected through tracking.  APICS’ third party analytics firms, as  described in this section, do not receive your Personal Information.
1.5.4 Third  parties that may advertise on APICS websites may have content embedded that sets  cookies on a visitor’s browser and/or tracks visitor information that a web  browser visited a specific APICS website.  Such information may contain a visitor’s IP  address.  Third parties may not collect identifying  Personal Information from the APICS website unless you provide it to such third  parties.  
Security of Personal Information
APICS  takes the security of your Personal Information very seriously.  When your Personal Information is stored by  APICS, we use reasonable and appropriate measures to protect it from loss,  misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.  Unfortunately, data transmission over public  networks cannot be guaranteed to be one hundred percent secure.  While APICS will use all reasonable means to  protect your Personal Information, APICS cannot guarantee the security of your  transmissions of such Personal Information, and you use the APICS website at  your own risk.  If you suspect your  Personal Information has been compromised, please notify APICS Customer Service  using the contact information provided below.  
How  APICS Uses and Shares Your Information
APICS  limits its use of your Personal Information to the stated purposes for which  such information is collected.  In some  cases, APICS may be required to disclose your Personal Information in response  to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security  or law enforcement requirements.  You  have the right to the following regarding your Personal Information transferred  to APICS:

To know the types of Personal Information APICS  collects;
To  know the purposes for which it collects and uses your Personal  Information; 
To  know type or identity of third parties to which APICS discloses your Personal  Information, and the purposes for which it does so; 
To  access and update your Personal Information; and 
To  know the choices and means APICS offers you for limiting the use and disclosure  of your Personal Information. 

3.1 APICS  Services to APICS ID Holders.
When you create an APICS ID, we may use information  collected from technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and page tags, as  described herein, to improve your experience of our website.  For example, by saving information concerning  the pages you visit and products you purchase, we will be able to provide you  with information on other APICS goods and services that may be of interest to  you. Furthermore, by creating an account with APICS, there is a possibility of  receiving content from third parties through APICS, as discussed under 3.5,  below.
APICS has entered into agreements  with certain third parties with geographical affinity (“Local Partners”) with  APICS ID holders in order to permit such Local Partners to provide APICS ID  holders with benefits related to their affiliation with APICS at a local or  regional level.  APICS may share personal  information with such Local Partners, and those Local Partners may share  personal information with APICS in order to provide local and regional benefits  to APICS ID holders. Furthermore, when such a Local Partner shares personal  information with APICS in this way, an APICS ID will be created with that  information, for use by the user whose information was used for that account. 
Based on the information we gather, we may use targeted  advertising from third party vendors, customized to reflect your interests.  For example, if you purchase certain materials  from APICS, APICS may display advertisements from vendors of similar  materials.  To accomplish this, we may use  cookies and other technologies in order to recognize your computer at the time  we display an advertisement to you.  APICS  may tailor advertisements based on your use of our website, such as tracking  the pages you visit, the searches you make, or the goods or services your  purchase.   APICS does not correlate  activities described in this section with your Personal Information, and we  will not provide advertisers with your Personal Information when you view a  targeted advertisement.  However, through  your interaction with a targeted advertisement, you consent that an advertiser  may infer that you meet certain targeting criteria for the display of the  advertisement.
In creating an APICS ID, and as a condition of having an  APICS ID, you expressly consent to APICS’ use of your Personal Information and  non-personally identifiable information as described in this section.  Moreover, in using an APICS ID you expressly acknowledge  and agree to our collection and use of such information as described in this  section.
You can opt-out of the use of your Personal Information as  described in this section by deleting your APICS ID.  To delete your APICS ID, please contact APICS  Customer Service using the contact information provided below.  
3.2 Other  APICS Services.
APICS may use your Personal Information to provide services  to you upon your request.  Such services  may include sending you newsletters and publications, responding to your  questions and comments, communicating with you concerning your purchases on the  APICS website, emailing you updates concerning APICS products and services, and  personalizing your visits to APICS website.
You may opt-out of the use of your Personal Information as  described in this Section by contacting APICS Customer Service using the  contact information provided below.
3.3 Certification  Verification.
APICS conducts Certification training and Certification testing  (together “Certification Programs”) and permits registration for the  certification programs on its website.  APICS  Certification Verification Tool (“CVT”) is an integral part of APICS  Certification Programs.  Through APICS’ CVT,  third parties may request information related to an individual’s Certification  status, in order to verify any APICS certifications resulting from its  Certification Programs.  Such third  parties may include natural persons or business entities.  APICS may provide information related to your  Certification status (“Certification Information”) to such third parties upon  request.  Certification Information may  include, but is not limited to, your full name, your city and state of  residence, any certification(s) if applicable, certification date(s),  certification expiration date(s), and any certification status, if applicable.  The CVT component of APICS Certification  Programs is intended to safeguard the general public and ensure reliability and  continuity in the supply chain industry by providing confirmation of  certifications for qualified individuals successfully completing APICS  Certification Programs.
In applying for APICS Certification Programs and as a  condition for receiving certification through one of APICS Certification  Programs, you expressly agree and consent (opt-in) to APICS disclosure of  Certification Information to third parties through the CVT.  You further understand and expressly agree  that the CVT is an integral part of APICS’ Certification Programs and that  receipt of any APICS certification, and continued good-standing in the  Certification Program is conditioned upon your agreement to such disclosure.   
3.4 APICS  Internal Data Sharing
APICS may also share your Personal Information with other APICS  offices or APICS subsidiaries in the country in which you reside and in other  countries. 
3.5 Information Sharing with Third Parties
3.5.1 APICS  may utilize third-party service providers that process your Personal  Information solely on APICS’ behalf (“Agents”).   When APICS transfers your Personal Information to its Agents, your  Personal Information will be used only for limited and specified purposes.  APICS will take reasonable and appropriate  steps to ensure that its Agents process your personal information in a manner  consistent with the organization’s obligations under the Principles.  APICS remains responsible and liable if the Agents  that APICS engages to process your Personal Information on APICS’ behalf do so  in a manner inconsistent with this Online Privacy Policy, unless APICS proves  that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
3.5.2 APICS  uses consultants and third party vendors, such as testing centers and Testing  Delivery Partners, and may share your Personal Information with such  consultants and vendors, if necessary, for delivery or administration of the APICS  Certification Programs.  All parties with  which APICS shares your personal information are bound by confidentiality and  data transfer agreements consistent with this Online Privacy Policy.  APICS’ agreements with third parties provide  that third parties will delete your personal information upon request.  
3.5.3 APICS  may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers.  This is not linked to any Personal Information that can identify any individual  person.
3.5.4 APICS  uses outside third parties to ship orders and financial service-oriented third  parties to bill users for goods and services.  All parties with which APICS shares your Personal  Information are bound by confidentiality and data transfer agreements  consistent with this Online Privacy Policy.
3.5.5 APICS  may partner with third parties to provide other specific services, including,  but not limited to registration for APICS conferences, APICS certifications, Trainer  the Trainer classes, and other APICS program and educational materials.  When the user signs up for these services, we  may share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third  party to provide these services.  APICS  may auto-populate forms utilized by these third parties with data contained in  APICS managed cookies. These third parties are not allowed to use your Personal  Information except for the purpose of providing these services.  All parties with which APICS shares your Personal  Information are bound by confidentiality and data transfer agreements  consistent with this Online Privacy Policy.
3.5.6 APICS  may share email information with third parties who provide a pay-per-use list  rental service in order to allow APICS members to provide mailed content to other  APICS’ members.
3.6 Other Possible Disclosures.
In addition to the other disclosures stated herein, APICS  may share your information in the following ways: 
3.6.1 To  comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal processes, or government  enforced orders,
    
3.6.2 To  enforce applicable terms of service, protect our legal rights or defend against  legal claims,
3.6.3 To  defend, prevent, take action, and otherwise address security or technical  issues, as well as suspected or potential fraud,
3.6.4 To  guard against harm (whether actual or potential) to the legal rights, property  or safety of APICS, our visitors or the general public as required or permitted  by law.
APICS  Email Uses
4.1 APICS never rents or sells email  addresses to outside parties without  your consent. Occasionally,  you may wish to receive information or communication from an APICS client.  In that instance, you will be asked for  permission to share your email address. 
4.2 After  you create an online account with APICS, you will receive information about  APICS products, services, and educational offerings that relate to your areas  of interest unless you choose to opt-out.  If you have questions or concerns about APICS'  Online Privacy Policy or wish to no longer receive such offers (opt-out),  please contact APICS Customer Service using the contact information provided  below.
4.3 In  your use of the website, you may have opportunity to send emails to recipients  who are not APICS employees. In such cases, the website will trigger an html mailto: link, which will open the email client  program resident on your computer.  You  bear the risk of sending email to such non-APICS email addresses through your  email client program, and APICS has no control related to emails sent to  non-APICS personnel.  
How  to Access or Change Your Personal Information
5.1 To  review or make changes to the content of your Personal Information, or to  request that we limit the use of your Personal Information, you may make  changes and updates by logging into your user profile and making such  changes.  Alternatively, you may request  such changes by contacting APICS Customer Service using the contact information  provided below.  
5.2 In  your request, clearly state what information you would like to have changed or  updated.  APICS will try to comply with  your request as soon possible. 
5.3 The  deletion of Personal Information and other changes to the data retained by  APICS as described above may result in the deletion or limitation of other  services APICS provides, including, but not limited to, maintaining and making  accessible APICS certification records. APICS may retain certain Personal  Information to pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply  with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes, and  enforce agreements. 
Your Rights to Opt Out
Except  as provided under Section 3.3 above, if you prefer that APICS not collect  personally identifiable information about your website visits, you may opt out  by contacting APICS Customer Service using the contact information provided  below.
In  lieu of opting out, you may also modify the settings in your web browser to  block all cookies.  Please note, however,  blocking all cookies in your browser may prevent many of our website’s services  from functioning properly.
Verification
APICS  will regularly self-assesses its compliance with all applicable law regarding  Personal Information that is received from the EU.  APICS statement on verification and related  self-assessment procedures is available to you upon request.  
Recourse Mechanisms
APICS  makes readily available independent recourse mechanisms by which your  complaints and disputes are investigated and expeditiously resolved at no cost  you.   Please direct any inquiries or  complaints regarding our compliance to the point of contact listed in the  “Contact Us” section below. If we do not resolve your complaint within 45 days,  you may submit your complaint free of charge to JAMS using this link: https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield.  APICS has designated JAMS, an alternative  dispute resolution provider in the United States.  The JAMS dispute resolution process shall be  conducted in English.  A binding  arbitration option will also be made available to you at your request if you  qualify for such option, in order to address your complaints not resolved by  any other means.
 Notices of Changes to Privacy Policy
In  the event of any change to the APICS Online Privacy Policy, notice of such  changes will be posted on the APICS website.   Any changes to this Online Privacy Policy will become effective when we  post the revised Online Privacy Policy on the APICS website. Your use of the  APICS website following these changes means that you accept the revised Online Privacy  Policy.
Contact  APICS
For  any questions, comments, or further information concerning the terms of this  Online Privacy Policy, or to request changes to your Personal Information,  subject to such limitations as provided herein, please contact:
    APICS  Customer Service
support@apics.org 
    1-800-444-2742 
    1-773-867-1777
