APICS Services to APICS ID Holders.
When you create an APICS ID, we may use information collected from technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and page tags, as described herein, to improve your experience of our website. For example, by saving information concerning the pages you visit and products you purchase, we will be able to provide you with information on other APICS goods and services that may be of interest to you. Furthermore, by creating an account with APICS, there is a possibility of receiving content from third parties through APICS, as discussed under Section 5.5, below. 
APICS has entered into agreements with certain third parties with geographical affinity (“Local Partners”) with APICS ID holders in order to permit such Local Partners to provide APICS ID holders with benefits related to their affiliation with APICS at a local or regional level. APICS may share personal information with such Local Partners, and those Local Partners may share personal information with APICS in order to provide local and regional benefits to APICS ID holders. Furthermore, when such a Local Partner shares personal information with APICS in this way, an APICS ID will be created with that information, for use by the user whose information was used for that account.
Based on the information we gather, we may use targeted advertising from third party vendors, customized to reflect your interests. For example, if you purchase certain materials from APICS, APICS may display advertisements from vendors of similar materials. To accomplish this, we may use cookies and other technologies in order to recognize your computer at the time we display an advertisement to you. APICS may tailor advertisements based on your use of our website, such as tracking the pages you visit, the searches you make, or the goods or services your purchase. APICS does not correlate activities described in this section with your Personal Information, and we will not provide advertisers with your Personal Information when you view a targeted advertisement. However, through your interaction with a targeted advertisement, you consent that an advertiser may infer that you meet certain targeting criteria for the display of the advertisement. 
In creating an APICS ID, and as a condition of having an APICS ID, you expressly consent to APICS’ use of your Personal Information and non-personally identifiable information as described in this section. Moreover, in using an APICS ID you expressly acknowledge and agree to our collection and use of such information as described in this section.
You can opt-out of the use of your Personal Information as described in this section by deleting your APICS ID. To delete your APICS ID, please contact APICS Customer Service using the contact information provided below. 

