

You can use the Sorted website without supplying personal information, but some services won’t be available unless you supply a minimum amount of personal information.
Your Sorted accountYour Sorted account lets you save the results from Sorted tools, and build a picture as your finances change over time. You can reload calculators with saved results or test out different situations.Any identifiable personal information saved in My Sorted is stored in accordance with good industry practice and the Privacy Act 1993, and will not be disclosed to any third parties unless you consent or we are required to disclose your personal information by law or court order.  Such personal information will be used by the Commission for the purpose of facilitating your use of Sorted.Aggregate demographic data on My Sorted users is assessed for reporting purposes from time to time. In this assessment, all individuals remain anonymous.How we verify your identityIf you ask us to reset the password for your My Sorted account, change your personal details, or close or confirm your My Sorted account, we will need to access your My Sorted account and view your personal information so we can ask you questions and verify your identity.  You give permission for us (or our third party operator) to do this. We will only carry out your request if we are satisfied that you are the account holder.  We reserve the right not to reset your password or make the changes requested. If you are unable to access your My Sorted account, you may have to create a new account using a different email address.Your commentsOn Sorted users can comment on blog posts. Our comment moderators will read what you write and by so doing may collect personal information regardless of whether you intend us to see it. You can post comments under an “anonymous” user name if you wish, but you must supply your email address (which will not be published on the Sorted website).We make no commitment to post comments on the Sorted website and we may remove, edit or re-post any comment at any time.  We accept no responsibility for comments by any user that are displayed on the Sorted website.Web measurement toolsWe use web measurement tools to tell us:how people are using Sorted;
what tools they use; and
which pages they read, and so forth.
From time to time we aggregate the information obtained in order to publish statistics. The information is also used regularly for continuous website improvement and to ensure a personalised user experience.CookiesSorted uses a technology commonly referred to as "cookies". A cookie is a token that is stored on your computer. When you access Sorted the token acts as a record-keeping device. Cookies help the Commission provide additional functionality to you and help us analyse site usage more accurately.  Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. If you do not wish to receive cookies from Sorted, you can set your browser to refuse them or to warn you when you are about to receive one. Please note that some Sorted features and services may not function properly if you disable cookies.Checking your personal informationIf you want to check personal information that the Commission has collected from you and holds (or to request the correction of any such information) please write to:Marketing Manager Commission for Financial Capability 108 Quay Street, Auckland 1010 New ZealandMore informationFor more information on privacy, please visit the Privacy Commissioner's website.March 2016 

