
	1. Introduction

	Our Privacy Policy sets out the ways we process personal data. This Privacy Policy only relates to personal data collected by us via our website, membership forms, fundraising responses, emails and telephone calls.
	 
	This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal data provided to us by any other means or via any other website. Users should be aware that if they access other websites, using the links provided, these are outside our control. If they provide personal data to other companies, the privacy polices of those companies determine the uses to which that information is put and our Privacy Policy will no longer apply.

	 
	2. The Data Protection Act 1998

	The National Trust makes every effort to comply with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998.
	 

	3. Use Made of personal information

	Personal information provided to us via our website, membership forms, fundraising responses, emails and telephone calls will be used for the purposes outlined at the time of collection or registration in accordance with the preferences you express.
	 
	Personal data collected and processed by us may be used for the following purposes:
	 
	a. Administration of membership(s).
	 
	b. Fulfilment of orders for goods and services requested.
	 
	c. Administration of donations and legacies.
	 
	d. In-house research and statistical analysis.
	 
	e. Communication about its conservation, membership, fundraising and other activities.
	 
	f. Communication about special offers from carefully selected organisations that make a financial contribution to our funds.
	 
	Processing personal data for the above purposes may entail sharing the information with employees, contractors, agents and professional advisers of the National Trust and other carefully selected organisations. Written agreements exist between us and such parties that there must be no further disclosure of such personal data.

	 
	4. Your location where provided

	We use geolocation on both our main website and mobile app. If you let your device share this information with us, we will use it to personalise your experience with us.

	The things we are planning are:
	•    Sorting search results by your location
	•    Making our homepage relevant to you and your location


	5. Consent

	By providing personal data to the National Trust you consent to the processing of such data by us as described in this Privacy Policy. You can alter your preferences as described below.

	 
	6. Use of data for direct marketing by post and telephone

	At each point of data collection or registration you are given options to opt-out from being sent future direct marketing material from the National Trust or other carefully selected organisations by post or telephone. Where you do not opt-out of such communications, we may send you information on its conservation, membership, fundraising and other activities and those of other carefully selected organisations.
	 
	If at any time you want to alter your preferences or request that we stop communicating with you in this way, then you should write to the address shown in section 9.


	 7. Use of data for email

	At each point of data collection or registration you are given the option to opt in to receiving email marketing from The National Trust. Where you do opt in to such communications, The National Trust may provide information on its conservation, membership, fundraising and other activities and those of carefully selected organisations.
	 
	If at any time you want to alter your preferences or request that we stop communicating with you in this way, then you should write to the address shown in section 8.
	 

	8. Accessing your personal data held by the National Trust

	You have the right to ask us, in writing, for a copy of all the personal data held about you (this is known as a 'subject access request') upon payment of a fee of £10.
	A copy will be sent to you as soon as possible but this will not be later than 40 days after your request.

	If you would like to access your personal data held by us, please apply in writing to:
	 
	Data Protection Officer
	National Trust
	Heelis
	Kemble Drive
	Swindon
	SN2 2NA


	9. Updating and amending your personal information

	If, at any time, you want to update or amend your personal data or preferences please write to:
	 
	National Trust
	Membership Department
	PO Box 574,
	Manvers,
	Rotherham,
	S63 3FH
	 
	Verification, updating or amendment of personal data will take place within 28 days of receipt of your request.
	 
	If subsequently you make instruct the National Trust which contradicts a previous instruction (or instructions), then we will follow your latest wishes.

	 
	10. Cookies

	Please see our see our web page regarding the National Trust's use of cookies.
	 

	11. Links to third party websites


	This Privacy Policy applies solely to the personal data collected by the National Trust and does not apply to third party websites.
	 
	The National Trust is not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites. The National Trust advises users to read the privacy policies of other websites before registering any personal data.
	 

	12. Security

	The National Trust holds your personal information in accordance with requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998. In particular we use encryption technology to ensure your information is secure as it travels to and from our web services.
	 
	If you have any questions about security please contact us on: 0844 800 1895
	 
	 

	13. Scannable cards

	We use scannable cards to collect information on your visits. This data includes the properties you have visited, the date that you went and your membership number. We will undertake customer analysis on this data to allow us to understand our supporters visiting trends.
	 
	We will also use this information to enable us to provide better marketing communications that will be tailored to your habits. However, we will always respect your decision on receiving marketing information and will never send you any marketing where you have indicated previously that you do not want to be contacted.
	 

	Notification of changes

	If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post such changes on our website under the section entitled Privacy Policy.
	 
