
We’ll always act upon your choice of how you want to receive communications (for example, by email, post or phone). However, there are some communications that we need to send. These are essential to fulfil our promises to you as a member, volunteer, donor or buyer of goods or services from the Trust. Examples are:

Transaction messaging, such as Direct Debit schedules, shop purchase confirmations and holiday booking confirmations
Membership-related mailings such as renewal reminders, National Trust Magazines and notice of our Annual General Meeting

Membership including newsletters and magazines 
We use the personal data you provide as a member provide to service your membership.  This includes sending renewal information to annual members by mail and email, sending National Trust magazines and Handbooks and information about our Annual General Meeting. It’s also used to verify you when you contact our Supporter Services Centre or sign up for a My National Trust account to manage your membership online.
We scan membership cards to check entitlement to free entry or free parking , to understand how and when our members visit and to help us send you more relevant communications. We may contact you for feedback on your visit. 
Fundraising, donations and legacy pledges 
Where we have your permission, we may invite you to support vital conservation work by making a donation, buying a raffle ticket, getting involved in fundraising activities or leaving a gift in your will. 
Occasionally, we may invite some supporters to attend special events to find out more about the ways in which donations and gifts in wills can make a difference to specific projects and to our cause. We’ll also send you updates on the impact that you make by supporting us in this way, unless you tell us not to.
If you make a donation, we’ll use any personal information you give us to record the nature and amount of your gift, claim gift aid where you’ve told us you’re eligible and thank you for your gift. If you interact or have a conversation with us, we’ll note anything relevant and store this securely on our systems.
If you tell us you want to fundraise to support our cause, we’ll use the personal information you give us to record your plans and contact you to support your fundraising efforts.
If you’ve told us that you’re planning to, or thinking about, leaving us a gift in your will, we’ll use the information you give us to keep a record of this – including the purpose of your gift, if you let us know this. 
If we have a conversation or interaction with you (or with someone who contacts us in relation to your will, for example your solicitor), we’ll note these interactions throughout your relationship with us, as this helps to ensure your gift is directed as you wanted.
Charity Commission rules require us to be assured of the provenance of funds and any conditions attached to them. We follow a due diligence process which involves researching the financial soundness, credibility, reputation and ethical principles of donors who’ve made, or are likely to make, a significant donation to the National Trust.
As part of this process we’ll carry out research using publicly available information and professional resources. If this applies to you, we’ll remind you about the process when you make your donation.
Major donors
If you’re a current or prospective major donor, we’ll give you a bespoke privacy notice with further details of how we look after your data. 
Management of volunteers 
We need to use your personal data to manage your volunteering, from the moment you enquire to the time you decide to stop volunteering with us. This could include: contacting you about a role you’ve applied for or we think you might be interested in, expense claims you’ve made, shifts you’ve booked and to recognise your contribution.
It could also include information from local property teams about things happening where you volunteer and about your volunteering, including asking for your opinions on your volunteering experience. 
We may also share this with funders to help them monitor how their funding is making a difference. 
Retail sales, holidays and events management 
We process customer data in order to fulfil holiday bookings and retail activities. Your data will be used to communicate with you throughout the process, including to confirm we’ve received your order and payment, to confirm dispatch, to clarify where we might need more detail to fulfil an order or booking, or to resolve issues that might arise with your order or booking. Properties may also hold dietary requirements for weddings and events. 
Research 
We carry out research with our supporters, customers, staff and volunteers to get feedback on their experience with us. We use this feedback to improve the experiences that we offer and ensure we know what is relevant and interesting to you.  
If you choose to take part in research, we’ll tell you when you start what data we will collect, why and how we’ll use it. All the research we conduct is optional and you can choose not to take part. For some of our research we may ask you to provide sensitive personal data (e.g. ethnicity). You don’t have to provide this data and we also provide a ‘prefer not to say’ option. We only use it at an aggregate level for reporting (e.g. equal opportunities monitoring).  
We may give some of your personal data (e.g. contact information) to a research agency who will carry out research on our behalf.  
Profiling 
We know it’s important to our supporters to use our resources in a responsible and cost-effective way. So we use automated profiling and targeting to help us understand our supporters and make sure that:

our communications (e.g. emails) and services (e.g. our website) are relevant, personalised and interesting to you
our services meet the needs of our supporters
we only ask for further support and help from you if it’s appropriate
we use our resources responsibly and keep our costs down

To do this we’ll analyse how you interact with us (e.g. on our website, places you visit through use of data from membership card scanning, etc) and use both geographic and demographic information to let you know what’s happening in your local area and understand your interests.
We use specific tools to profile how you interact with us online, for example, Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics and Double Click for Advertisers. We use Adobe Analytics to collect information on the use of the National Trust website. Much of the information we collect is aggregated, however we may also collect some personal data for the use of personalising your experience, optimising our marketing campaigns, and to ensure the site is functioning as intended.
The personal information that is collect includes transactional information (i.e. order number) for Memberships, Donations, Renewals, Holidays Bookings and Online Shop Purchases. We also collect data on individual user activity when they create or log into their My National Trust account. This information take the form of an encrypted string.
If you’ve agreed that we can contact you for marketing purposes, we may also gather additional information about you from external sources, for example: updates to address and contact information, or publicly available information regarding your wealth, earnings and employment at an aggregate level. We may use this information to assess your capacity to support us and invite you to do so.
This analysis may be carried out by us or by third party organisations working for us.  We may also host encrypted personal data on third party websites (e.g. social media platforms) to ensure that you only see relevant, personalised and interesting content from those organisations. 
Recruitment and employment 
In order to comply with our contractual, statutory, and management obligations and responsibilities, we process personal data, including ‘sensitive’ personal data, from job applicants and employees.  
Such data can include, but isn’t limited to, information relating to health, racial or ethnic origin, and criminal convictions. In certain circumstances, we may process personal data or sensitive personal data, without explicit consent. Further information on what data is collected and why it’s processed is given below.
Contractual responsibilities: Our contractual responsibilities include those arising from the contract of employment. The data processed to meet contractual responsibilities includes, but is not limited to, data relating to: payroll, bank account, postal address, sick pay; leave, maternity pay, pension and emergency contacts.
Statutory responsibilities: Our statutory responsibilities are those imposed through law on the organisation as an employer. The data processed to meet statutory responsibilities includes, but is not limited to, data relating to: tax, national insurance, statutory sick pay, statutory maternity pay, family leave, work permits, equal opportunities monitoring.
Management responsibilities: Our management responsibilities are those necessary for the organisational functioning of the organisation. The data processed to meet management responsibilities includes, but is not limited to, data relating to: recruitment and employment, training and development, absence, disciplinary matters, e-mail address and telephone number.
Sensitive personal data
The Act defines ‘sensitive personal data’ as information about racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs or other similar beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, and criminal allegations, proceedings or convictions.  
In certain limited circumstances, we may legally collect and process sensitive personal data without requiring the explicit consent of an employee.
(a) We will process data about an employee’s health where it is necessary, for example, to record absence from work due to sickness, to pay statutory sick pay, to make appropriate referrals to the Occupational Health Service, and to make any necessary arrangements or adjustments to the workplace in the case of disability. This processing will not normally happen without the employee’s knowledge and, where necessary, consent.
(b) We will process data about, but not limited to, an employee’s racial and ethnic origin, their sexual orientation or their religious beliefs only where they have volunteered such data and only for the purpose of monitoring and upholding our equal opportunities policies and related provisions.
(c) Data about an employee’s criminal convictions will be held as necessary.
Disclosure of personal data to other bodies
In order to carry out our contractual and management responsibilities, we may, from time to time, need to share an employee’s personal data with one or more third party supplier. 
To meet the employment contract, we are required to transfer an employee’s personal data to third parties, for example, to pension providers and HM Revenue & Customs.
In order to fulfil our statutory responsibilities, we’re required to give some of an employee’s personal data to government departments or agencies e.g. provision of salary and tax data to HM Revenue & Customs.
Use of geo-location data  
We use geo-location on both our main website, our mobile app and the MyVolunteering site. If you let your device share this information with us, we’ll use it to personalise your experience with us. Your device or web browser will usually prompt you when this is requested.
The type of things we may use your location for include:

Sorting search results for properties, activities or events by your location
Making our homepage relevant to you and your location

You can change your location settings at any time in your device or computer settings.
Updating your data and marketing preferences 
We want you to remain in control of your personal data. If, at any time, you want to update or amend your personal data or marketing preferences please contact us in one of the following ways: 
