
Privacy Policy
Website Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by the University of Hull and whilst we do our best to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
Without limiting the effect of the previous paragraph, we reserve the right to introduce changes to the information given on our Course Finder pages, including the addition, withdrawal, re-location or restructuring of courses.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of the University of Hull. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites and the inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation
Online privacy practices
Your right to privacy is important to us.
We are keen to strike a fair balance between your personal privacy and ensuring you obtain full value from the internet and other products and services we may be able to market to you.
We are fully registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and ensure we comply with all protection the Act affords to you. We use the data protection padlock symbol below to show when we gather personal data from you. Look out for it on the site.
Reproduced courtesy of the Information Commissioner's Office and the National Consumer Council.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your hard drive to allow the University of Hull to recognise you when you visit. They can remember your preferences by gathering and storing information. They do not identify you as an individual user, just the computer used. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or create viruses on your computer. It does not give the University access to your computer.
Why do we use them?
We may use cookies to improve or personalise your online experience of our websites. For example we use Google Analytics to enable us to identify which pages you find useful and which you do not. This allows us to improve our navigation so you can find things easier in future.
If you don’t want to receive cookies
If you would prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our site, you can set your browser so that it will not download cookies onto your computer. Doing so will still allow you to navigate through the majority of our site but possibly not all of it. If you wish to register on a password protected area of our website you will need to allow “per-session” cookies. These are temporarily used while you are visiting the site but deleted when you close your browser or log out.
To find out more information about cookies, visit: www.allaboutcookies.org

