
About this website Privacy and Security Statement
This Privacy and Security Statement applies to this website which is operated by the Royal Automobile Club of Western Australia Inc (ABN 33 212 133 120) ("RAC", “we”, “us”) under the domain name rac.com.au.
RAC aims to provide users of this website with information that meets their needs. To do this, we may collect information about you each time you visit our website.
RAC is committed to protecting the privacy of user information. RAC complies with the Privacy Act (1988) (“Act”) as amended and collects, uses, holds and discloses personal information in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Act.
This Privacy and Security Statement is designed to inform you of how RAC collects and treats your personal information when you access and use our website. For more detailed information about how we collect, store and use your personal information in the course of our business activities, please see the RAC’s Group Privacy policy here: view the RAC Group Privacy Policy.  Alternatively, please call us on 13 17 03 if you would like us to send you a hard copy of the policy.
1. Collection of Personal Information
We will not collect personal information about you except where you knowingly provide it to us through our website. You can request access to personal information collected about you by completing our online enquiry form.
In some limited circumstances and in order to assist you, we may need to collect sensitive information from you, such as information relating to your health, criminal or racial or ethnic origin.  We will not collect sensitive information about you unless you consent to the collection and the information is directly related to our activities.
The information we collect about you will depend on how you use the website. For instance, if you visit our website to read or download information, our system will record the date and time of your access to the site and the information viewed or downloaded. This information is used for statistical purposes only.
If you use the website to complete an online application form, we will only collect the information contained in that application form if you submit the form to us. This information is used to attend to your needs and enquiries. It may also be used to provide you with information about RAC products and services.
2. RAC Enewsletters
By selecting 'Yes' on any forms within RAC's website that specify RAC will keep you informed about RAC products and special offers via RAC's eNewsletter, you give your consent to receive commercial electronic messages from us. RAC provides an unsubscribe facility should you wish to stop such communication at any time.
3. Cookies
A cookie is a small-text file placed on your computer hard drive by a web server. Cookies may then be accessed later by our web servers. Cookies store information about your use of our website.
We use cookies to:

determine whether you have previously used RAC’s web site; and
identify pages you have accessed.

Most web browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you may configure your browser not to accept cookies. If your browser is set to reject cookies, you may not be able to make full use of the RAC website (for instance, services on the website that require cookies in order for you to participate).
4. Use and Disclosure of Information
We will not use or disclose information collected about you, including information collected using cookies, without your consent, other than to attend to your specific enquiries, improve customer experience, send you information about RAC products and services or as required under a specific law.
By using this website, you authorise us to disclose personal information to related companies in the RAC group and to agents or contractors who provide services to us in connection with the provision of products or services you have sought from our website.
If you tell us you do not wish to have your personal information used for a particular purpose, we will respect your wishes. Please click here to contact us if you do not wish us to use your personal information for a particular purpose.
5. Security
We maintain strict procedures and standards and take all reasonable care to prevent unauthorised access to your personal information, and to protect the security of your personal information when transmitted over the Internet. We use a 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to transfer personal and financial information between you and our web servers.
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as fully secure. Accordingly, RAC cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you send to us using our online forms or products. You submit information at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we will take all reasonable steps to protect the data held in our system. If we no longer need your information, we will destroy or de-identify it.
6. Links to other websites
When you use a link from the RAC website to the websites of third parties, those websites are not subject to RAC's privacy and security standards. Those third parties are responsible for informing you of their own privacy policies.
7. Acceptance of and Changes to this Privacy and Security Statement
This statement sets out our current Privacy and Security Policy. It replaces any other Privacy and Security Statements for the RAC website to date.
Your use of the RAC Web Site acknowledges your acceptance of this Privacy and Security Statement.
RAC may change the content or services found on our website at any time without notice. Accordingly, our Privacy and Security Statement may change from time to time. The updated document will be available on this website. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement for changes. Your continued access to, or use of, this website means that you agree to and accept the changes we make.
8. Queries
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy and Security Statement, the operation of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact us via our online enquiry form or call us on 13 17 03.

