Effective Date: August 02, 2013
KAVO KERR GROUP together with all of its related and affiliated companies, including, without limitation, those listed at http://www.kavokerrgroup.com/our-brands.html (cumulatively the “Company”) provides this privacy policy, which sets forth the Company’s information gathering and sharing practices (the “Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy is applicable to any website that displays a direct link to this Privacy Policy and is controlled by the Company (cumulatively the “Site”). BY ACCESSING OR USING THE Site, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND ALL OTHER TERMS IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE Site.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION (“PII”)
When you use the Site, the Company receives personally identifiable information that you when you voluntarily supply it, for example when you request information, subscribe to a mailing list, participate in a survey, enter a sweepstakes or other promotion, or apply for a job. The Company defines personally identifiable information as any information unique to you such as your name, mailing address, physical address, email address, telephone number, or social security number. The Company does not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you choose to provide the information voluntarily. If you are asked to disclose certain personally identifiable information while visiting the Site that you do not want to share with the Company, simply do not enter the information.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION (“NON-PII”)
The Company also gathers certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information about use of the Site, including the number of unique visitors, the frequency with which they visit, and the programs and services preferred. We look at the data in summary form, rather than on an individual basis. We gather this information so we can, for example, learn how many people visit the Site, see which pages are the most and least viewed, and identify which web sites are referring visitors to the Site and related information. The data helps us determine the extent to which visitors use certain parts of the Site and tailor the Site in the future. The Company may collect this information through means such as, without limitation, cookies and web beacons.
COOKIES
Cookies are small data files stored on your computer’s hard drive. In some instances, the Company uses cookies to collect information in connection with future visits to Site to recognize you as a previous visitor. If you follow a link to the Site from an affiliate or promotion, information about your arrival from that affiliate or promotion may be stored in a cookie. You can refuse cookies by turning them off through your Internet browser, and you do not need to have cookies turned on to visit the Site. Please be aware, however, that disabling cookies on your browser may impact your use and enjoyment of the Site. Also, if you want to access webpages that require registration, you need to accept a mandatory session cookie, which can be deleted after you leave the Site.
WEB BEACONS
Web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party.
INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM CHILDREN
The Site is not intended for children under 13, and the Company does not request nor intend for anyone under the age of 13 to provide any personally identifiable information through the Site or use any public discussion areas, forums, or chats that may be available on the Site. The Company does not knowingly collect or use any information from children under 13 through the Site.
SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Information submitted to the Company or collected by the Company may be used for the purpose for which it was submitted or collected, as well as shared among all Company affiliates, subsidiaries, and parent companies, and with third party marketing partners, and with third parties that help manage the Site. The Company may also use information in other ways, such as to contact you about changes to Site and Company policies, to provide you with information about products and offers we believe will be of interest to you, or as otherwise disclosed to you at the point of collection.
In order to better understand user preferences and better provide services to users, the Company may combine information we receive with other information from third party sources, transactions and communications. We may also combine that information with data that is publicly available and data that we receive from other reputable sources. We also reserve the right to share information with legal authorities if it is, in our sole opinion, necessary to investigate, prevent, or otherwise take action regarding suspected fraud, situations involving threats or potential harm, or if otherwise required by law (such as by a subpoena, court order, or other legal means). In the event that we reasonably believe that a user has violated any of the terms or policies governing use of the Site, we reserve the right to use any information we have collected in connection with any efforts we make or made by any of our agents on our behalf. We may transfer PII to an affiliate or third party as part of a transfer of business assets. Such a transfer would be within the scope of this policy so long as the affiliate or third party agrees to continue to maintain use and storage of PII in accordance with this policy.
RIGHT TO VERIFY THE ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
Keeping information accurate and up to date is important to the Company. If any information you previously provided changes, or you no longer desire certain services, the Company will correct, update, or remove your personal information. Simply send any necessary changes to webmaster@kavokerrgroup.com. The Company will comply with your information revision requests but may retain copies of such information if necessary to comply with governmental orders, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, enforce any agreements between you and the Company, and as otherwise reasonably necessary for business purposes. Please note, however, that without the use of your information, it may not be possible for the Company to provide you with any of your unprocessed requests for products, services, or information.
CONTESTS, SWEEPSTAKES, AND OTHER PROMOTIONS
From time to time, while visiting the Site, you may be invited to participate in a contest, sweepstakes, or other promotion. If you are eligible to participate in these promotions and choose to do so, you may be asked to register and/or provide additional personal information such as your name, email address, date of birth, and telephone number. Further, through these promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on the Site with others and sending email invitations. Subject to any applicable contractual or legal restrictions, the information you provide in connection with the promotion may be used to communicate with you and/or the other people you select about the promotion or about the products and/or services of either the Company or its partners in the promotion if any.
SOCIAL MEDIA
Any and all material, submitted in any manner, including, without limitation, email, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively a “Submission”) from you to the Company at any of the Company’s webpages contained on any social media platform or website, including, without limitation, Facebook, Twitter, or Google+ (“Social Media”) is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. The Company cannot control the actions of other Social Media users and is not responsible for any content or Submission contained on Social Media. By visiting any of the Company’s webpages on Social Media, you are representing and warranting to the Company that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such Social Media and that you will abide by any and all provisions contained therein.
OPT-OUT
In connection with promotions and other projects, you may be asked whether you have any objections to specific forms of data use or sharing. Whenever you are asked about such objections you will be provided with an option for opting out of the particular data use or sharing. If you opt-out under such circumstances, the Company will respect your decision. To opt-out of receiving commercial communications from the Company, you may click on the “opt-out” or “unsubscribe” link in the communication itself. Your email address will be removed from the particular marketing list. Please allow a reasonable period of time to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in progress.
EMAIL
Your questions and comments about the Company, its services and/or products, and the Site are appreciated and welcomed. You may email messages to the mailboxes provided on the Site. The Company will share your messages with those persons at the Company who are most capable of addressing the issues contained in your message. The Company will keep a copy of your message until your concerns have been addressed. Your message may be archived for a certain period of time or discarded, but your email address will not be used for any other purpose.
SECURITY
The Company maintains standard security measures to protect its systems and information it collects. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure. Thus, the Company does not warrant the security of any information transmitted to or from the Company through the Site.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEB SITES
The Site may provide links to third party websites. The Company cannot confirm that any third party website follows privacy practices equivalent to those of the Company. You are encouraged to review and familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of these third parties. The Company is not responsible or liable for the actions or policies of any third party websites, it does not endorse any product or service that may be mentioned or offered at any third party websites, and it is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party websites.
SPECIAL STATEMENT FOR JOB APPLICANTS
Any personal information provided at the Site in connection with applying for a position with the Company will be used solely to consider and act upon the employment application. The Company may also disclose your personal information to its agents for the purposes of collecting, maintaining, and analyzing candidates for positions.
VISITING THE Site FROM OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States, where the Company’s servers and central database is located and operated. The privacy laws of the United States may or may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Site, you understand that your information may be transferred to the Company’s computer servers and facilities located in the United States.
PRIVACY RIGHTS FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident and have voluntarily disclosed personal information to the Company, you have the right to request and receive, in writing, information from the Company about any of your personal information that the Company shared with third parties for use in direct marketing during the immediately preceding calendar year. Such third parties, if any, include any of the Company’s affiliates that are separate legal entities. Specifically, you may request a list of the categories of personal information that the Company may have disclosed. To request the above information, please send an email to webmaster@kavokerrgroup.com. Please note that the Company is only required to respond to each customer once per calendar year
