 
 
Effective 1 May 2018
This Online Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how KaVo Dental GmbH, Bismarckring 39, 88400 Biberach, Germany and KerrHawe SA, Via Strecce 4, 6934 Bioggio, Switzerland together with all of its related and affiliated companies, representing KaVo Kerr and referred to hereinafter as “Company” handle Personal Data provided to us on websites, mobile sites, mobile applications, and other digital services and products controlled by Company that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, “Company Sites”). Company is the data controller for the processing of Personal Data under applicable laws.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Company Sites that do not link to this Privacy Policy or to third-party Web sites to which Company Sites may link.
 
Types of Information We Collect Online
The types of Personal Data that we may collect while you use Company Sites are described in this section and include both information that you provide to us and information that we collect automatically when you use the Company Sites.
For purposes of this Privacy Notice, “Personal Data” means information that identifies you or that could reasonably be used to identify you. Examples of Personal Data include name, address, telephone number, and email address.
 
Information You Provide
You generally do not have to register for a service or program to receive much of the information available through Company Sites. However, some of our content is available only to registered or identified users and will require you to set up a profile or provide specific information about yourself in order to provide you the service.
 
Personal Data You Provide When Visiting Company Sites
Company collects Personal Data that you provide on Company Sites, for example, when purchasing a product, to receive marketing products and information, contact Company customer service, or respond to Company questionnaires or surveys. This could include:
Contact Information such as your name, address, phone number, or email address
Registration Information such as your username and password
Employment, education and other background information when you inquire about employment with Company
Payment information (such as banking information, payment card number, expiration date, delivery address, and billing address)
Content you may provide (for example, when you complete our Online Contact Form or submit other information).
 
Personal Data You Share During Other Interactions with Company
You may contact Company to ask questions, discuss your concerns, or report issues regarding our products. If you communicate with or request information from Company, you may be prompted to provide your contact information as well as any Personal Data that is relevant to your request.
 
Information That May Be Collected Automatically
When you use Company Sites, we also may collect certain usage and device information automatically as described below.
 
IP Address
We may record the Internet Protocol (“IP”) address of your computer or other electronic device when you visit Company Sites. An IP address identifies the electronic device you use to access the Sites, which allows us to maintain communication with your computer as you move about Company Sites and to customize content.
 
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We also collect information about your use of Company Sites through tracking technologies such as cookies and web beacons. A “cookie” is a unique numeric code that is transferred to your computer to track your interests and preferences and to recognize you as a return visitor. A “Web beacon” is a transparent graphic image placed on a Web site, e-mail or advertisement that enables the monitoring of things such as user activity and site traffic. These technologies help remember your preferences and allow us to bring you the content and features that are likely to be of greatest interest to you on the basis of “clickstream” data that shows your previous activities on Company Sites.
We utilize Google Display Advertising (such as Retargeting with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting) to (1) show you our ads on other websites based on your prior visits to Company Sites, and (2) better understand our ad impressions and use of ad services. In connection with the Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting service, we may use data from Google's interest-based advertising or third-party audience data (such as age, gender and interests) with Google Analytics to understand and improve our marketing campaigns and Site content.
Some of our online advertising takes place through Google Display Advertising. As part of this program, we use Google Analytics features such as Retargeting. In connection with that feature and others offered by ad networks, we and the operators of ad networks, including Google, may use third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) – and in some cases first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) – to inform, optimize and serve ads across the Internet, based on a user's past visits to Company Sites. We also may show you ads from some of our affiliated companies when you visit Company Sites.
You can opt out of Google Ads by visiting http://www.google.com/ads/preferences. If you do not want your data used by Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Company Sites are not designed to respond to "do not track" signals received from browsers.
To learn more about cookies and other tracking technologies, including how to disable them, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. Please note that some cookies are essential to the functioning of our Sites and deleting or disabling them will reduce the site’s functionality.
 
Mobile Tracking
Some Company Sites are available either as mobile applications or mobile sites that you can use on your mobile device. If you use a mobile device to access and use Company Sites, we may collect the following mobile-specific information in addition to the other information described above: device or advertising ID, device type, hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your mobile operating system, the platform used to access or download Company Site (e.g., Apple, Google, Amazon, Windows), location information and usage information about your device and your use of Company Sites.
 
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may combine information about you from a visit to one Company Site with information about you from visits to other Company Sites. We may also combine information about you that is collected through Company Sites with information that we have collected offline, as well as with information provided to us by third parties.
 
How We Use Your Information
We use your Personal Data to provide you the product and services you request, communicate with you, improve your experience on Company Sites, generally improve our products and services and for other internal business purposes. These uses may also include the recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data. The Personal Data we collect about you may be stored and later archived for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above, in accordance with applicable laws.
 
Providing Product and Services You Request
If you choose to purchase a product or receive our services, we use the Personal Data that you provide through Company Sites to manage your orders and invoices, to process payments, to respond to your questions, provide you the services you request and offer an optimal customer experience.
 
Marketing
You may also receive marketing information from Company and related affiliates, such as offers regarding Company related products or services, invitations to participate in surveys about our products, or notifications about special promotions. In such cases, we will use your contact and other Personal Data to send you marketing information.
 
Customized User Experiences
The Personal Data that you provide may be used to create customized offers, information, or services tailored to your interests and preferences. Also, we may use your IP address and the data that we obtain automatically through the use of cookies or similar tracking technologies to make our Company Sites easier to use and navigate as well as to personalize the content provided on Company Sites by anticipating the information and services that may be of interest to you.
 
Business and Product Improvement
In order to discover new facts that could help Company better understand customer needs and help improve, develop, and evaluate product, services, materials, and programs. Company analyzes the information that you have provided. For these purposes Company does not use information that can directly identify you.
 
Site Analytics and Improvement
We may use the information that you provide and the information we collect automatically about your use of Company Sites to monitor user traffic patterns and preferences for site improvement, analytics and optimization.
 
Process queries and generally communicate with you
We generally process your Personal Data when you contact us, send us a query, and to follow up on your requests and questions.
 
Legal Basis for Processing
Under European data protection laws, Company must have a legal basis to process your Personal Data. The legal basis that applies in a instance will depend on for which of the specific purposes described above Company is processing your Personal Data:
In certain cases, Company may ask for your consent to collect and process your Personal Data. Should you choose to provide your consent, you may later withdraw your consent by contacting us as described in the “Your Privacy Choices” section. Please note that the withdrawal of consent will not affect processing which has already occurred.
In other instances, the processing of your Personal Data may be necessary in order to comply with an applicable law or regulation or for the performance of a contract to which you are subject. You may not be able to opt-out of this processing, or your choice to opt-out may impact our ability to perform a contractual obligation otherwise owed to you.
In still other instances, Company may process your Personal Data based on Company’s legitimate interests in communicating with you about our products and services, and about scientific research and educational opportunities. You have the right to opt-out of all such processing of your Personal Data. You may do so by contacting us as described in the “Your Privacy Choices” section.
 
Information We Share
We only share your Personal Data with third parties as described below. We do not sell or rent Personal Data to third parties for their own marketing purposes.
 
Third-Party Advertising and Online Behavioral Advertising
You may be provided with online advertisements of Company products and services on third-party websites and mobile services that are tailored to you, for example, on the basis of information that you provide to Company or a third-party website you are visiting, or of your browsing activity, purchases, or interests. These types of tailored online advertisements may come through several sources, such as the following:
We may share with our advertising service providers your non-identifying information that we have obtained from cookies and other tracking technologies on our Company Sites.
Some of Company Sites may participate in online behavioral advertising (this is also sometimes called re-target advertising or interest-based advertising). You can identify these sites by the “Advertising Choices” link in the footer. Our advertising network partners may place and use cookies on Company Web sites and on other third-party Web sites to collect information about your activities in order to provide you with online advertisements that are based on your interests.
Some Web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to Web sites with which the browser communicates. As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Notice, an industry standard has not yet been established on how to respond to these signals. Therefore, Company does not currently respond to these signals. You can opt-out from advertisers that use your browsing history to deliver online behavioral advertisements by visiting adchoices.
 
Affiliates, Vendors and Suppliers
We have relationships with suppliers, authorized dealer/business partners and affiliated companies, who help us operate our business and for whom it may be necessary to have access to your Personal Data in the course of providing services to Company. We will not authorize these parties to use your Personal Data for any purpose that is not related to Company and its related affiliates business operation, and we do not share Personal Data from countries that require consent, unless consent has been obtain in advance to sharing with related affiliates. We require them to handle your Personal Data collected in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
 
Co-branded Sites
We may partner with other companies to provide you with content or services on a joint or “co-branded” basis. At a co‑branded site, you will see both the Company logo and the logo of the co-branding partner displayed on your screen. You should read the individual privacy policies of our co-branding partners, as they may differ in some respects from ours. Reading these policies will help you to make an informed decision about whether to provide your information to a given site.
 
Product Reports
If you contact Company regarding your experience in using one of our products, we may use the information that you provide in submitting reports to the designated government regulatory authority, as required of us by law.
 
Legal Rights and Obligations
In certain limited circumstances, Company may need to disclose your Personal Data in order to comply with a legal obligation or demand, such as to comply with reporting obligations to our governing regulatory authorities regarding the safety of our products, or in connection with the sale or transfer of one of our product lines or divisions, which includes the services provided through one or more of the Company Sites. In such instances, we will take measures to protect your Personal Data to the extent possible. We also reserve the right to use Personal Data to investigate and prosecute users who violate our rules or who engage in behavior that is illegal or harmful to others or to others’ property.
 
Change in Organization
In the event Company decides to reorganize or divest our business through sale, merger, or acquisition, Company may share Personal Data about you with actual or prospective purchasers. We will require any actual or prospective purchasers to treat this Personal Data in a manner consistent with this notice.
 
Children Privacy
Company does not knowingly collect or use any Personal Data directly from minors on Company Sites. We do not knowingly allow children to order our products, to communicate with us, or to use any of our online services. If you are a parent and become aware that your child has provided us with information, please contact us using one of the methods specified below, and we will work with you to address this issue.
 
Your Privacy Choices
You have the right to see and get a copy of Personal Data about you that we maintain as well as to ask us to make corrections to inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data about you. You have the right to receive data you have provided to us in a machine-readable format and to transmit that data to another controller. You may also request the erasure of your Personal Data or the restriction of its processing, or object to the processing of Personal Data about you. To seek access to Personal Data about you, to file a concern, complaint, or request for correction, or to opt-out of particular programs, please contact our Privacy Office by clicking on the “Contact Us” link on Company Site you are using, by using the Company contact information on the Company mobile application you are using, or by emailing us at privacy@kavokerr.com. You may also send a letter to the following address:
KaVo Dental GmbH,
Bismarckring 39,
88400 Biberach – Germany
Attn: Privacy / Legal Department
 
Your Local Data Protection Authority is responsible for making sure that privacy law is followed in the relevant countries. For more information about your privacy rights, or if you are not able to resolve a problem directly with us and wish to make a compliant, contact your local Data Protection Authority.
 
In all communications to Company, please include your email address, the Web site address, mobile application, and/or the specific Company product to which you provided Personal Data (e.g., www.kerrdental.com), and a detailed explanation of your request. If you would like to delete, amend, or correct your Personal Data and are contacting us by email, please put “Deletion Request” or “Amendment/Correction Request” in the subject line of the email. We will respond to all reasonable requests in a timely manner and may need to further confirm your identity in order to process certain requests.
 
Data Security
 Company maintains reasonable technical, administrative and physical controls to secure any Personal Data collected through Company Sites. However, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party could intercept an Internet transmission, or that someone will find a way to thwart our security systems. We urge you to exercise caution when transmitting Personal Data over the Internet, especially your financial-related information. Company cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not gain access to your Personal Data; therefore, when submitting Personal Data to Company Sites, you must weigh both the benefits and the risks.
 
Third Party Sites and Social Media Plug-ins
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Company Sites that do not link to this Privacy Notice, or to third-party Web sites to which Company Sites may link. Company Sites may use social media plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook “Like” button, “Share to Twitter” button) to enable you to easily share information with others. When you visit Company Sites, the operator of the social plug-in can place a cookie on your computer or other electronic device that enables that operator to recognize individuals who have previously visited our Site. If you are logged into the social media Web site (e.g., Facebook, Twitter) while browsing on our Company Site, the social media plug-in allows that social media Web site to receive information that you have visited our Company Site. The social media plug-in also allows the social media Web site to share information about your activities on our Company Site with other users of their social media Web site. These sharing settings are managed by the social media Web site and governed by its privacy policy.
 
Accessing Our Sites Globally
This site is owned and operated by Company in the United States, but the information you provide will be accessible to our affiliates, vendors, and suppliers in other countries in accordance with this policy. Furthermore, if you are visiting this site from a different country, your communication with us will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international borders. The level of legal protection for Personal Data is not the same in all countries; however, we will take the security measures described in this Privacy Notice in an effort to keep your information secure. By using this site, you understand that your Personal Data will be stored and processed in the United States and in any country to which we may transfer your information in the course of our business operations.
 
Notice to California Residents
Subject to certain limits under California Civil Code § 1798.83, California residents may ask us to provide them with (i) a list of certain categories of Personal Data that we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (ii) the identity of those third parties. To make this request, California residents may contact us at privacy@kavokerr.com
 
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We will only use Personal Data in the manner described in this Privacy Policy in effect when the information was collected from you or as authorized by you. However, and subject to any applicable consent requirements, we reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page with a new effective date. Company encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Any Personal Data collected upon your continued use of Company Sites will be handled in accordance with the currently-posted Privacy Policy.
 
