

Heineken USA Privacy Policy
As you access these Services (as defined in the Heineken USA Terms of Use), Heineken USA Incorporated (hereinafter referred to as HEINEKEN) wants you to know that we respect your privacy and recognize your desire to safeguard your personal information.  We are committed to following the law as it relates to privacy as well as the Beer Institute Advertising and Marketing Code.  The following discloses HEINEKEN's information gathering and dissemination practices for the information collected through these Services. The use of these Services is intended for people who are 21 years of age or older.  If someone under the legal drinking age has provided HEINEKEN with personal information by obtaining access to these Services in violation of HEINEKEN’S access restrictions, we request that the parent or legal guardian of that person contact HEINEKEN so we can remove the information from our records.  By using these Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What Information Does HEINEKEN Gather?
HEINEKEN collects personally identifiable information such as your e-mail address, name, age, postal address and/or telephone number, email address, password, and comments (if applicable), as well as anonymous demographic information that is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, coupon use, HEINEKEN promotion participation or content viewing, and interests.  This personal and non-personal information may be combined. If you do not want this information collected by HEINEKEN, please do not submit this information to HEINEKEN or agree to the collection of this information. We may also combine any information collected about you with publicly or commercially available information, including personal and non-personal information.  We may collect information from any platform you use to access our Services and that information is dependent on the privacy settings and your permissions on that platform.  Like many Services, we also use “cookies”, which are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize user preferences and to improve your future visits to the Services. You can set your web browser or other platform to notify you when you are receiving a cookie and choose to reject it. However, rejecting cookies may affect the performance of this website and prevent you from accessing certain HEINEKEN information.
Technical Information Gathering
HEINEKEN may collect information about the Services that you use and how you use them, like when you visit different parts of our site or applications and what selections you make on the Services. We may also automatically collect certain technical information such as:


Device information
        We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile information if you use a mobile device to access the site).
    

Log information
        When you use our Services or view content provided by us, we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs.  This information may include:
        
details of how you used our Service, such as your navigation paths and search queries
mobile related information if you access our website using your mobile device
internet protocol address
device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser, mobile device, or your account
Browser type, operating system, and other technical information



HEINEKEN, or our advertising networks or vendors use cookie, tag, beacon, and other similar technology to serve you relevant advertisements and alert you to HEINEKEN content, even on other sites and services (“Interest Based Advertising”).  This technology can also be used to collect and analyze aggregated information about our users.  The National Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance have more information and opt-out sites maintained here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and here http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
How Does HEINEKEN Use the Collected Information?
The information provided by visitors through Services registrations, on-line surveys, use analytics, publicly or commercially collected, or otherwise may be stored, analyzed and used to improve or market our products and services, process your transactions, respond to your requests, gain aggregate information on what parts of the Services people visit and use as well as to customize future access to the Services (as applicable) and inform you of products, services and special promotions that may be of interest to you. The information collected will be used for business purposes only.  We may also track the Internet addresses of our visitors and analyze this data for trends and statistics.
You may also “opt-in/opt out” of certain uses of your personal information such as email communications.  You may also review or request changes to your personal information in certain of our Services by following the instructions in the Services.
If you have any questions regarding your personal information or the management of your personal information, please contact us at corporaterelations@heineken.com.
Do Not Track Signals
Some web browsers have settings that include “do not track signals.”  Our services are not currently engineered to respond to those signals from browsers.
Does HEINEKEN Share the Information it Receives?
Information about our visitors is an important part of our business and we do not sell it to others. Your personal information may be shared with other HEINEKEN business locations throughout the world and as described below.
HEINEKEN may share personally identifiable information, including information that you provide on the Services, with third parties as described below.
Sponsorships and Co-branded Activities
From time to time we may enter into a relationship with another company that is not owned by or affiliated with HEINEKEN to provide additional features on Services. These special relationships may include business partners, sponsors and co-branded sites (referred to here as "co-branded pages"). Any information, including personally identifiable information that you provide on one of these co-branded pages, may be shared with these third party partners. By participating in activities or providing your information on these co-branded pages, you also consent to our providing your personally identifiable information to those third parties. Since these third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy practices, you should check their websites for information regarding their privacy policies.
Service Providers
We may use service providers to help us enhance our marketing abilities and operate our business, including these Services. Sharing information with these parties includes combining personal and non-personal information as set forth herein.  It may also include administering activities on our behalf, such as sending emails, transaction fulfillment and sweepstakes administration. For instance, if you participate in a sweepstakes, game or other program resulting in a prize or award, we will share personally identifiable information about you with our games and merchandise fulfillment and management agencies. If you enter into a transaction on our Services, we may share your information with transaction providers to fulfill your requests. We may also combine information in our database about you with other information available from third parties to optimize our ability to communicate with you and similar consumers.
HEINEKEN may share information with other companies employed by it to perform functions on our behalf such as analyzing data and providing marketing/fulfillment assistance, including information from our Interest Based Advertising. These companies have access to information needed to perform their obligations, but may not use it for any other purpose and are required to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
We may also release information to others (such as governmental or law enforcement agencies) in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) enforce or apply our Terms of Use, (ii) comply with legal process served on HEINEKEN, (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of HEINEKEN, or (iv) protect the rights, property or safety of our visitors or the public.
If HEINEKEN becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, user information, including personal information collected from you through your use of our Services, could be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to notify you, either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Services.
Other than as set forth herein, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share such information.
HEINEKEN works to protect the security of your information during storage and transmission by using industry standard security software. We cannot, however, guarantee complete security of your information.
HEINEKEN is committed to protecting your privacy and may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If you continue to use these Services after changes to this Privacy Policy have been published, this means that you have accepted and agreed to such changes.  No changes will be applied retroactively, nor will they alter the handling of information previously obtained.  We encourage you to review the privacy statements of other sites you choose to link to from these Services so that you understand how those sites collect, use and share your information. HEINEKEN is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content of websites to which you may link from these Services.
Special Notice to California Residents
Under California Civil Code section 1798.83, California residents have the right to request and receive from HEINEKEN, once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information we have disclosed (if any) to third parties for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of personal information shared.  To make such a request, please send an email to corporaterelations@heinekenusa.com  including the phrase California Privacy Request in the subject line, and provide HEINEKEN with your name, postal address and email address.
Questions?
If you have questions about this policy, please contact us: corporaterelations@heinekenusa.com.
Copyright statement
Copyright © HEINEKEN 2015. All rights reserved. All copyright and other intellectual property rights in all text, images, video, sound, software and other materials in these Services are owned by HEINEKEN International and affiliated companies or are included with permission of the relevant owner.
This policy was last updated July 15, 2015.


COOKIE POLICY
The Website will make use of so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files that the Website stores on your user device.
Cookies used on the Website
The Website only uses the following cookies and for the following purposes:

Functional cookies: cookies used to enhance the user friendliness of the Website for visitors. For example, a cookie is placed to remember that you passed the age gate webpage when you are above legal drinking age. Without this cookie, you would have to re-submit this information on every webpage. The functional cookies of the Website that are stored by HEINEKEN on your computer only remain valid during your session on the Website.
Analytics cookies: HEINEKEN uses Google Analytics cookies, with the purpose to analyse how visitors use the Website. HEINEKEN can then make improvements to the usability of the Website. Google only processes data obtained via the Website in an anonymous form. Please visit www.google.com/analytics for more information on Google Analytics.
Third party cookies: the Website allows cookies of social plugins of certain third parties. This enables a user to share content of the Website on social networks. These plugins also enhance the user friendliness of the Website. The (use of the) data collected by these third parties via the social plugins are exclusively determined by such third party as HEINEKEN cannot read these cookies (nor can these parties read the cookies of HEINEKEN). For information regarding these third party cookies please check the respective third party’s privacy policy.

Changing your settings
By changing the settings in your web browser, you can establish that you will be given notice if a cookie is stored on your computer. By changing settings, you can also establish that your browser does not accept cookies from this Website.
Contact
This Privacy and Cookie Policy may be changed over time. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon the posting of the modified Privacy and Cookie Policy. Users of the Website are advised to regularly read the Privacy and Cookie Policy for possible changes

