








terms and conditions
Welcome to our website dedicated to our brand Heineken® (the “Website”). You should be of legal drinking age in your country to visit the Website. 
These Terms and conditions together with our Privacy and Cookie Policy (the “Terms”) govern your use of this Website. 
Applicability
These Terms apply to all visits to and all use of this Website of Heineken Brouwerijen B.V., located at Tweede Weteringplantsoen 21, 1017 ZD Amsterdam, the Netherlands ("HEINEKEN"), as well as to all information, recommendations and/or services provided you on or through this Website (the "Information").
By using this Website you agree to the applicability of these Terms. We note that these Terms may be changed over time. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon the posting of the modified Terms. Users of the Website are advised to regularly read the Terms for possible changes.

Information and Liability
The Information is for general information purposes only and does not constitute advice. HEINEKEN shall not be liable for any damages resulting from the use (or inability to make use) of this Website, including any incorrectness or incompleteness of the Information, unless such damage is the result of any wilful misconduct or gross negligence on the part of HEINEKEN. 
HEINEKEN shall furthermore not be liable for damages that may result from the use of electronic means of communication, including, but not limited to, damages resulting from the failure or delay in delivery of electronic communications, interception or manipulation of electronic communications by third parties or by computer programs used for electronic communications and transmission of viruses.
Intellectual property rights
The Website and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by HEINEKEN, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. 
You can use the Website only for purposes in line with these Terms. You are permitted to make copies of (parts of) the Website for personal use. You must not use any part of the content on our Website for other purposes without obtaining a written licence from us.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify us from and against any actions, claims and liabilities arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms or any unlawful use of the Website.
Miscellaneous 
Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
These Terms are governed by Dutch law. Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection to the use of the Website will be settled by the courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 


PRIVACY POLICY


General
Heineken Brouwerijen B.V., located at Tweede Weteringplantsoen 21, 1017 ZD Amsterdam, the Netherlands (“HEINEKEN”) is the controller of the processing of all personal data collected through this website dedicated to our brand Heineken® (the “Website”). HEINEKEN respects your privacy and complies with applicable privacy laws. 
HEINEKEN only processes personal data that a user voluntarily provides to Heineken on the Website. This information may include such user’s first and last name, e-mail address, date of birth, address and country of residence. HEINEKEN’s purpose in gathering and transferring such personal data will be to provide a user with services available on the Website, for example to participate in a promotional campaign. 
Transfer, storage and processing of data 
The transfer, storage and processing of data collected through the Website is secured by means of current, usual technical measures. If your personal data has not been used for 12 months, HEINEKEN will delete your data.
HEINEKEN may transfer your personal data to its group companies. HEINEKEN may also provide your personal data to third parties if needed to provide the services available on the Website, which third parties will process your personal data according to instructions of HEINEKEN and under the responsibility of HEINEKEN. HEINEKEN will not provide your personal data to any other third parties, unless there is a legal obligation to do so. 
Access, correction and removal
You can request HEINEKEN to provide access to the personal data it has collected about you at any time. You can also request HEINEKEN to correct or to delete such personal data. 


COOKIE POLICY
The Website will make use of so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files that the Website stores on your user device.
Cookies used on the Website
The Website only uses the following cookies and for the following purposes:

Functional cookies: cookies used to enhance the user friendliness of the Website for visitors. For example, a cookie is placed to remember that you passed the age gate webpage when you are above legal drinking age. Without this cookie, you would have to re-submit this information on every webpage. The functional cookies of the Website that are stored by HEINEKEN on your computer only remain valid during your session on the Website.
Analytics cookies: HEINEKEN uses Google Analytics cookies, with the purpose to analyse how visitors use the Website. HEINEKEN can then make improvements to the usability of the Website. Google only processes data obtained via the Website in an anonymous form. Please visit www.google.com/analytics for more information on Google Analytics.
Third party cookies: the Website allows cookies of social plugins of certain third parties. This enables a user to share content of the Website on social networks. These plugins also enhance the user friendliness of the Website. The (use of the) data collected by these third parties via the social plugins are exclusively determined by such third party as HEINEKEN cannot read these cookies (nor can these parties read the cookies of HEINEKEN). For information regarding these third party cookies please check the respective third party’s privacy policy.

Changing your settings
By changing the settings in your web browser, you can establish that you will be given notice if a cookie is stored on your computer. By changing settings, you can also establish that your browser does not accept cookies from this Website.
Contact
This Privacy and Cookie Policy may be changed over time. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon the posting of the modified Privacy and Cookie Policy. Users of the Website are advised to regularly read the Privacy and Cookie Policy for possible changes

