


Privacy Policy
www.turkeyhill.com (the "Site") is owned and operated by Turkey Hill Dairy. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of your information by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Please see "Information Collection And Use For Children Under 13 Years Old" for our information gathering and use practices for information collected through the Site from children under 13 years old.  If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.

Changes To The Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Any changes will be posted on this page.  We encourage you to check this page regularly.  Your continued use of the Site following any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes. 
Information Collection And Use For Persons 13 Years And Older
Information You Provide
We may collect "personally identifiable information" from you such as your name, postal address, telephone number, fax number and email address.  We will collect personally identifiable information from you when you actively give us the information such as when you take surveys, enter a contest, or otherwise communicate with the Site.
We may also collect demographic information that you provide to us, such as your zip code or age.  We may use your demographic information to tailor the Site to you and for internal purposes.
Information Collected Automatically
We may collect non-personally identifiable information from you by "passive" means.  We may collect your Web site browsing patterns or IP address to analyze the trends, to administer the Site, and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  We may also set and access cookies to collect information about how you use the Site and to customize the delivery of information.  In addition, on occasion the Site may also set a "session cookie" to help us administer the Site.  A session cookie expires when you close your browser, and does not retain any information about you after it expires. Cookies may also be used by us to help administer online contests and sweepstakes.
How We Use Your Information
We will use your personally identifiable information for customer service, to provide you with information that you may request, and to customize your experience on the Site.  Your personal information is used by us to respond to your requests, tailor offerings to you, and notify contest winners.
Unless you tell us not to, we may use your personally identifiable information to contact you with information we think would be of interest to you.  If you do not want to receive this information, indicate that we may not do so at the point where you give us your personally identifiable information.  If you change your mind later, email us at crela@turkeyhill.com.  Email messages will also provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving this information.  Please note that changes to your preferences may not be effective immediately.
We may use third party contractors to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as contest administration and prize fulfillment, and may share your information with these contractors for those limited purposes.  Except for those third parties specified herein, we will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties, unless you allow us. 
We use non-personally identifiable information for internal purposes and to help us interact with visitors to the Site.  We may also share non-personally identifiable information in the aggregate form with third parties to illustrate trends and patterns.
If Turkey Hill Dairy is sold to, or merges with, another company, or declares bankruptcy, some or all of the information collected from you may be transferred to a third party as a result of the transfer of assets.  We may also disclose your information when we determine it is necessary to comply with applicable laws or protect the interests or safety of Turkey Hill Dairy or other visitors to the Site.
Correct/Update Personal Information
If you would like to review, update, change or delete information we have collected from you, please send an email to crela@turkeyhill.com or write to Customer Support at Turkey Hill Dairy, 2601 River Road, Conestoga, PA, 17516-9630.  Please note, changes may not be effective immediately.
Information Collection And Use For Children Under 13 Years Old
Information You Provide
As required by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), we will not collect more personal information from children under 13 than necessary for them to participate in the online activities.
Certain activities on the Site will request children under 13 provide their email address only for a one-time use, such as entering a contest.  The email address will only be used for the specified purpose, and will be immediately deleted upon its fulfillment.
Other activities on the Site may require more personal information than just an email address.  Before personal information is collected from children under 13, their parent or guardian must complete a Parental Consent Form which explains what information will be collected and how it will be used.  Information will not be collected from children under 13 until we have received the completed Parental Consent Form via mail or facsimile, or as otherwise specified on the Parental Consent Form.
We may collect demographic information from children under 13, provided such information is not combined with the children's personal information or is obtained with verifiable parental consent.
Information Collected Automatically
We may collect non-personally identifiable information by "passive" means.  We may collect Web site browsing patterns or IP address to analyze the trends, to administer the Site, and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  We may also set and access cookies to collect information about how the Site is used and to customize the delivery of information.  In addition, on occasion the Site may also set a "session cookie" to help us administer the Site.  A session cookie expires when the browser is closed, and does not retain any information after it expires. Cookies may also be used by us to help administer online contests and sweepstakes.
How We Use Your Information
Personal information obtained with verifiable parental consent will be used to administer the activity for which the information was collected, to send information to children about the such activity, or as otherwise specified in the Parental Consent Form.
We use non-personally identifiable information for internal purposes and to help us interact with visitors to the Site.  We may also share non-personally identifiable information in the aggregate form with third parties to illustrate trends and patterns.
We may use third party contractors to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as contest administration and prize fulfillment, and may share information about children under 13 with these contractors for those limited purposes.  Except for these third parties, we will not share personal information for children under 13 with third parties, without verifiable parental consent.  Parents or guardians have the option to consent to the collection and use of their child's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of such information to third parties.
If Turkey Hill Dairy is sold to, or merges with, another company, or declares bankruptcy, some or all of the information collected from children under 13 may be transferred to a third party as a result of the transfer of assets.  We may also disclose this information when we determine it is necessary to comply with applicable laws or protect the interests or safety of Turkey Hill Dairy or other visitors to the Site.
Correct/Update Personal Information
Parents or guardians may review, update, change or delete information we have collected from children under 13 by sending an email to crela@turkeyhill.com or writing to Customer Support at Turkey Hill Dairy, 2601 River Road, Conestoga, PA, 17516-9630.  Please note, changes may not be effective immediately.
Links
The Site may contain links to other sites, including, among others, those of advertisers, other third parties and companies whose trademarks may appear on the Site.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the sites to which we link.
Security
Protecting your information is important to us.  We use industry standard technology to protect the security of your information.  Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  As a result, while we are committed to protecting your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
Contact Us
Please contact us with any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy:
Turkey Hill Dairy
Attn:  Consumer Relations
2601 River Road
Conestoga, PA  17516-9630
800-MY-DAIRY
crela@turkeyhill.com


