Collection of informationWhen you register on the Website or Mobile Applications to become a member, access content, subscribe to a newsletter or enter a competition, we collect your personal data such as your name, address, email address and telephone number. We also collect information from third parties if you opt to receive information from New Zealand Rugby, e.g. Ticketek.Use of informationIf you choose to provide us with Personal Information it will be used to deliver the information, products or services, newsletters, competition entries and offers you request or which we think may be of interest to you and subject to any preferences you indicated.We may disclose your information to organisations involved in rugby or sporting initiatives in New Zealand, such as the Super Rugby teams, Provincial Unions or companies we have engaged to carry out activities on our behalf.Opt outIf you no longer wish to receive newsletters, offers or information, please login to Information retentionThe information we collect will be retained for the duration of your subscription for the purposes of contacting you.Security and storageWe will ensure that all of the information you supply is held securely in accordance with data protection laws and regulations. We take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification or unlawful destruction or accidental loss of Personal Information.Site traffic and cookiesWhen you visit our Websites or Mobile Applications, we may automatically download short text files called “cookies” to your computer. Cookies enable us to provide you with a better online experience by enabling the site to know that you have visited before and in some cases to record preferences in order to personalise your visit. Cookies also assist us to analyse the profile of our visitors. Cookies do not identify the individual user, but only the computer that is being used to view the site. These can be session cookies which are deleted when you close your browser and/or persistent cookies which remain on your computer for a longer period of time.RemarketingWe use Google AdWords and Facebook Remarketing to deliver our advertising across the Internet. Google AdWords and Facebook remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the All Blacks website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. This cookie does not in any way identify you or give access to your computer. The cookie is used to say “This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page.” Google AdWords and Facebook Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you. Access to your dataYou are entitled to obtain confirmation of whether or not we hold any personal information about you and to obtain access to that information.  You may request the correction of your personal information at any time.  We will inform you of any steps taken by us in response to your request for a correction.If you have any question about your personal information or want to amend your details you can contact us at:info@nzrugby.co.nz.Third Party WebsitesThis site may contain links to third party websites. The links are for your convenience and are not governed or endorsed by us.  New Zealand Rugby has no control of either the content or the privacy policies of these third party websites and encourages users to review such policies prior to submitting any personal information to them.Updates to our information practicesFrom time to time we make changes to our information practices or alter the functionality of our Websites and Mobile Applications.  We always update this statement accordingly, so we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on privacy practices at New Zealand Rugby.If you have any questions about our privacy policies or any other matter, please From time to time we make changes to our information practices or alter the functionality of our Websites and Mobile Applications. We always update this statement accordingly, so we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on privacy practices at New Zealand Rugby.If you have any questions about our privacy policies or any other matter, please contact us You are entitled to obtain confirmation of whether or not we hold any personal information about you and to obtain access to that information. You may request the correction of your personal information at any time. We will inform you of any steps taken by us in response to your request for a correction.If you have any question about your personal information or want to amend your details you can contact us at:This site may contain links to third party websites. The links are for your convenience and are not governed or endorsed by us. New Zealand Rugby has no control of either the content or the privacy policies of these third party websites and encourages users to review such policies prior to submitting any personal information to them.This Privacy Statement outlines how we collect, use and disclose personal information when you use our Sites, Mobile Applications or enter competitions. The sites and Mobile Applications and their content have been created in accordance with the laws of New Zealand.When you register on the Website or Mobile Applications to become a member, access content, subscribe to a newsletter or enter a competition, we collect your personal data such as your name, address, email address and telephone number.We also collect information from third parties if you opt to receive information from New Zealand Rugby, e.g. Ticketek.If you choose to provide us with Personal Information it will be used to deliver the information, products or services, newsletters, competition entries and offers you request or which we think may be of interest to you and subject to any preferences you indicated.We may disclose your information to organisations involved in rugby or sporting initiatives in New Zealand, such as the Super Rugby teams, Provincial Unions or companies we have engaged to carry out activities on our behalf.If you no longer wish to receive newsletters, offers or information, please login to Team All Blacks and alter your profile settings. Alternatively, email us at info@nzrugby.co.nz The information we collect will be retained for the duration of your subscription for the purposes of contacting you.We will ensure that all of the information you supply is held securely in accordance with data protection laws and regulations. We take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification or unlawful destruction or accidental loss of Personal Information.When you visit our Websites or Mobile Applications, we may automatically download short text files called “cookies” to your computer. Cookies enable us to provide you with a better online experience by enabling the site to know that you have visited before and in some cases to record preferences in order to personalise your visit. Cookies also assist us to analyse the profile of our visitors. Cookies do not identify the individual user, but only the computer that is being used to view the site. These can be session cookies which are deleted when you close your browser and/or persistent cookies which remain on your computer for a longer period of time.