At Breast Cancer Care we take your right to privacy very seriously. We do not sell, share or rent any personally identifiable information to third parties.
We have set out this privacy policy so you can make sure you understand how and why we use the information you give us.
Collection of information
Breast Cancer Care is the sole owner of the information submitted by you anywhere on this site, including the community areas. We may use information gathered in compiling anonymous statistics and research in the course of the organisation's stated role. However, we will not ever sell, share or rent personally identifiable information that you have submitted to this site to third parties.
Registration
When you register at Breast Cancer Care you may be asked to provide us with the following information: your name, email address, member name and password. You may choose to provide Breast Cancer Care with additional information about yourself such as your postal address. We may request further information from you later on, for example to assist us in research, but in these cases we will always email you beforehand explaining our reasons in detail.
Donations
Any information and credit card details you send to us using our donation page will be encrypted so it cannot be intercepted over the internet by anyone else.
Sensitive information
The selections you make when using our services may indicate information about you that the Data Protection Act 1998 defines as sensitive, such as your state of health or your sexual orientation. As with all the personal information you provide to us, you can be assured that any sensitive information you choose to supply will be kept in accordance with the terms of the Act and only used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser and us to track the use of our website. We use cookies to help us understand what our users' interests and preferences are to ensure the website is as user friendly as possible.
Analysing site and advertising activity
This website uses web analytic services including Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. ('Google'). These services use 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help us understand how people use our site.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be anonymised before being transmitted to and stored on third party servers (Google’s servers are in the United States) for the purpose of evaluating use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. This information may also be transferred to third parties where required to do so by law.
These services will not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. You may avoid the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Separately, from time to time we use advertising companies to display (or ‘serve’) advertisements for Breast Cancer Care on third party websites. To increase the effectiveness of this advertising, we may use ‘pixels’ (also known as web beacons and sometimes action tags) and related technologies so that the advertising company may, for example, avoid displaying an advertisement to a browser where the advertisement has already been clicked on. Information collected in this way is anonymous and is held by the advertising company for the purpose of deciding which browsers to display advertisements to.
General
Any personal information will be treated in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and is strictly for Breast Cancer Care use only. We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. Any change will take effect once the revised privacy policy is available on this website and we have emailed all our users.
Text to donate
Text CARE to 70300 (£3 / £5 / £10 – depending on the campaign)

Thank you so much for your donation. We’re very pleased to confirm that Breast Cancer Care will receive 100% of your kind gift.
The advertised donation amount will be deducted from your mobile phone bill as well as your standard network charge for text messages (based on your service provider’s rates). Please ensure you always get the bill payer’s permission.
The text donation technical helpline is 0330 6600425 (this line does not accept donations).
To opt out of future contact from Breast Cancer Care to the mobile phone number used for the donation, please text EXIT to 70500. If you don’t opt out, we may contact the number used about our campaigns, appeals and activities and we will always offer you the option of opting out.
At any time, you can also opt out of receiving future communications by text by emailing supportercare@breastcancercare.org.uk. Just include the phone number for the opt out in your email and we’ll be pleased to update our system.

