At Breast Cancer Care we take your right to privacy seriously and respect any personal data you share with us and endeavour to keep it safe, whatever your relationship is with us.
We use your information in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations.
We have set out this privacy policy so you can understand how and why we use the information you give us. By using our website or providing us with any personal information, you agree to your personal data being used and stored in the manner set out in this policy. 
If you have any queries about our privacy policy, please contact our Supporter Care team by emailing supportercare@breastcancercare.org.uk or calling 0345 092 0817.
Our privacy policy explains the following:

How we collect information about you
How we use your information
How we keep your information safe
Who has access to your information
How to access and update your personal information
How we use cookies
Changes to this policy



Back to top

We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us
We collect information in a number of different ways. You will be asked for certain basic personal information as a requirement in order for us to provide high quality and relevant services or to support you to have the best possible engagement with Breast Cancer Care. We may also ask you further questions that are relevant for the specific purpose. This additional information helps us to understand who our supporters are but there is no pressure involved; we would only want to know the answers if you are comfortable telling us. 
This information may be provided when you register to use our website, you access our services, purchase something from our shop, or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. The information you give us may include your name, address, email address and phone number, date of birth, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, social media account or employment details.
Information we collect about you
When you visit our website we will automatically collect technical information, including the IP address used to connect your computer to the internet and your login information, information about your visit such as the products you viewed in our shop, and the interactions you made with our website. For more detail see the section on Cookies below.
Information collected by a third party
Your information may be shared with us by third party organisations, for example fundraising sites, like Virgin Money Giving and Just Giving, or your breast care team for accessing one of our services. They will do so pursuant to their own policies on data protection and privacy. It’s a good idea to check their privacy policy when you provide your information to understand fully how they will process your data.
Sensitive information
Some of the personal information you may tell us falls under what is deemed sensitive information, for example your ethnic origin, state of health or sexual orientation. This information is subject to even stricter rules than ordinary personal information and you can be assured that any sensitive information you choose to give will be kept confidential and only used in accordance with this privacy policy. When requesting sensitive information we will seek your consent.


Back to top

We use your data to:

Provide you with the services, products or information you have asked for (for example when you purchase an item from our shop).
Administer your donation or support your fundraising, including processing Gift Aid.
Create an account for you if you register with us.
Keep a record of your relationship with us.
Provide you with information about our work, fundraising campaigns or our activities that you have agreed to receive.
Manage your marketing preferences.
Understand how we can improve our services, products or information. 
Comply with financial regulations and the law

Whilst generally we will seek consent to process your data at the point we collect it, in some cases we may process data without consent when we are legally allowed to do so and where it is in our legitimate interests, provided we respect your legal rights.
We may also analyse your personal information to create a profile of your interests and preferences so that we can contact you with information relevant to you or to help us find others like you who might like to show their support. We may make use of additional information about you, including geo-demographic information and measures of affluence, when it is available from external sources to help us do this effectively. This helps us understand the background of the people who support us and helps us to make appropriate requests for gifts to supporters who may be willing and able to give more than they already do and/or leave us a gift in their will.  We may use third parties to undertake these activities and share your data with them to the extent required.
We may contact you for marketing purposes by email if you have opted in to receive these. If you have provided us with your postal address or telephone number we may send you direct mail for marketing purposes unless you have told us that you would prefer not to receive such information. 
You have the right to request that we do not process your personal information for direct marketing purposes. This may include cash appeals, raffles and fundraising campaigns.
You may opt-out of marketing emails at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in our marketing emails. You can also change your contact preferences at any time, including telling us to no longer send you marketing by post, by contacting our Supporter Care team by email supportercare@breastcancercare.org.uk or phone 0345 092 0817.
If you request to receive no further contact from us, we will keep some basic information in order to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future, and to ensure that we do not accidentally store details for the same person multiple times.


Back to top

We take appropriate precautions to protect your personal data, for example our online forms are encrypted and our network is protected and routinely monitored. Calls to our Supporter Care team are recorded for quality and monitoring purposes. The recordings are only stored for the minimal time required and are never transferred to external storage facilities such as memory sticks or discs. All personal information is stored in a central database which has stringent measures in place for restricting access and preventing external data breaches. Bank and credit card details are not stored in this database and are encrypted.
We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by appropriately trained staff, volunteers and third party organisations who have been contracted by us to process data. Our approach to personal information involves restricting access to sensitive personal information, for example health information and financial contributions, to only those departments that need this data in order to carry out their functions.
We use external companies to collect or process personal data on our behalf. We make sure we only work with companies that comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) and we do annual reviews of their data processes to be certain that they meet our data protection expectations and requirements.
The data we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by persons operating outside the EEA. If we do send your personal data outside the EEA we will take reasonable steps to ensure the recipient implements appropriate measures to protect your information.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be completely secure. Whilst we do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information which you transmit to us online and you must understand that you do so at your own risk. 


Back to top

We will not pass your personal information to companies, organisations and individuals outside of Breast Cancer Care unless we have your permission.
We will never sell, swap or rent your information to third party organisations, and we do not share your personal information with third parties for their benefit.
We may allow our staff, consultants or other external providers acting on our behalf to access and use your information for the purposes for which you have provided it to us (such as delivering mailings, analysing data and processing credit card payments). We will only provide those companies with the information they need to deliver the relevant service, and we make sure that your data is treated with the same level of care as if we were handling it directly.
In certain limited circumstances, and only where we have your consent to do so, we may also disclose your information to partner organisations to further our charitable purposes.
There are certain circumstances where we may be required to disclose your personal information by law or court order or, in appropriate circumstances, with law enforcement agencies when we believe it is necessary to protect our rights, property or safety and that of our staff, volunteers and supporters. 


Back to top

We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate by contacting our Supporter Care team using the contact details below. You may also withdraw your consent for us to keep your personal data for some of the above purposes by writing to the address below.
You have a right to access the personal information we hold about you and in certain circumstances to be provided with a copy of that information. You can request this free of charge by email to supportercare@breastcancercare.org.uk or by writing to:
Supporter Care
	Breast Cancer Care
	Chester House
	1-3 Brixton Road
	London
	SW9 6DE
If you are unhappy with the way in which your personal data has been handled you are entitled to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office.


Back to top

A cookie is a small piece of information that we may put on your computer or mobile device. There are several types of cookie and they have different functions, such as saving your passwords and site preferences. We use cookies to help us understand your interests and preferences, and distinguish you from other users, to ensure the website is as user friendly and relevant as possible and to provide you with information specifically tailored to your interests.
The types of cookies we use are set out below:



Type of Cookie
Function and further information




Google Analytics

_ga, _gat, _utma, _utmz
					These are common performance cookies that many websites use. It allows us to collect anonymous information about how you and others use our website and helps us to improve the website.
For more details please read Google’s Analytics overview. You can always opt-out of Google Analytics cookies by Google’s opt-out tool.



AddThis

_atuvs
				We use the AddThis social sharing widget within our website to enable visitors to share content with a range of social media and networking platforms. This cookie enables efficient sharing of content.


Forum

LithiumVisitor, LiSESSIONID, LithiumUserSecure, LithiumUserInfo, LithiumVisitor, VISITOR_BEACON
These cookies link your Forum profile with Lithium, the platform used for the Forum, and collects information and statistics about Forum visits and page views.



Marketpoint

urlKey, urlKey_date, aspsessionid
We use the Marketpoint platform to process registrations for fundraising campaigns such as Strawberry Tea and Big Pink. These cookies enable us to analyse how visitors find the campaign pages, e.g. online search engines, social media, web links. They also ensure that incomplete registration forms are reset to blank after 20 mins of inactivity or when the browser is closed down.



Online shop

_landing_page, _orig_referrer, _shopify_fs, _secure_session_id, _shopify_uniq, _shopify_uniq, _shopify_visit, _shopify_y, _shopify_s, _y, _s, secure_customer_sig, cart_sig
These cookies are used by our online shop platform Shopify. They track visits to the shop and provide key functionality for processing shop orders and collecting payments.



Optimizely

OptimizelyBucket, Optimizelyenduserid, OptimizelyPendingLogEvents, Optimizelysegments, mp_mixpanel__c
					These cookies allow us to carry out user testing on our website in order to improve the user experience and enable us to deliver content that’s relevant to the individual.



Website activity

ajs.anonymous.id, ajs.group.id, ajs.user.id, has_js
These cookies store anonymous user IDs, which we use to measure the conversion to registered web site users. They are also used to store the ID of registered users, which we use to identify regular visitors and enable us to offer personalised content. There is also a cookie to verify if users’ web browsers have JavaScript enabled.




 
Most browsers accept cookies by default, but allow you to stop receiving cookies if you prefer. If you do not accept our use of cookies as set out in this policy, change the settings in your browser (normally via the Privacy section). This may impair your ability to use our website.
For further assistance visit the help section in your browser or www.aboutcookies.org.


Back to top

We may make changes to this privacy policy from time to time, so we encourage you to check it on occasion to make sure that you’re aware of changes to any sections that are important to you. Any significant changes may also be notified to you by email or displayed prominently on our website. By continuing to use our website you will be deemed to have accepted those changes. 


Back to top
