At Breast Cancer Care we are committed to protecting your information and using it responsibly. That is why we want to be completely transparent about why we need the information we request and how we will use it.
We use your information in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Please read our policy carefully to understand how we collect, use and store your information. 
This Privacy policy applies to the websites, products and services offered by Breast Cancer Care. Breast Cancer Care is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office as a data controller, registration reference Z7500569.
Our privacy policy explains the following:

What information do we hold?
How do we collect your information?
How do we use your information?
Who do we share information with?
How to access and update your personal information
What about consent?
How long will you keep my information?
What are your rights?
How we use cookies
Review of this policy



Back to top

The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth, employment details (if applying for a job with us), IP address, web pages you have accessed and when. We may also hold sensitive healthcare information that you have provided to help us to support you through our services.
If you make a donation or purchase a product from us, your credit or debit card information is only held by us in order to process the payment. We also use third party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions made through our website.


Back to top

When you engage with us or otherwise actively provide personal and sensitive information, we collect information about you. This applies to details provided electronically, face to face or on our paper sign up forms. Certain basic personal information as a requirement in order for us to provide high quality and relevant services or to support you to have the best possible engagement with Breast Cancer Care. We may also ask you further questions that are relevant for the specific purpose. This additional information helps us to understand who our supporters are but there is no pressure involved; we would only want to know the answers if you are comfortable telling us.  We only ever use the information necessary for fulfilling the purpose for which you provided it.
Your information may be shared with us by independent event organisers. They will do so pursuant to their own policies on data protection and privacy. It’s a good idea to check their privacy policy when you provide your information to understand fully how they will process your data.  For example the London Marathon or external fundraising sites such as Just Giving. They will only share this information with us when you have indicated that you wish to support Breast Cancer Care and with your consent.
Some of the personal information you may tell us falls under what is deemed sensitive information, for example your ethnic origin, state of health or sexual orientation. This information is subject to even stricter rules than ordinary personal information and you can be assured that any sensitive information you choose to give will be kept confidential and only used in accordance with this privacy policy. 
When you visit our website we automatically collect technical information, including the IP address used to connect your computer to the internet, information about your visit such as the products you viewed in our shop, and the interactions you made with our website. For more details, see the section on Cookies. This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
In addition, when accessing our website or one of our apps, the settings on your device may provide us with anonymised statistical data and information about that device.
We may also use publicly available information to ensure our contact details for you are accurate and up to date, to update your profile and to engage with you in a more personalised way.


Back to top

There are a number of different ways you can engage and share information with us.
We will collect and process the information you provide to facilitate your place on one of our courses, to provide information and advice through our publications, helpline and Ask Our Nurses service. We also use your information and preferences to tailor communications to you including offers from our corporate partners and selected third parties.
When you volunteer with us, we use your information to communicate with you about your role and other ways you can get involved with the charity.   
When you register for an event, make a donation or provide your data to us, either electronically, on our paper forms or verbally, we will use this information operationally to support your participation at our events. We will tailor communications about future ways you can get involved, based on your preferences.
If you make a purchase from our shop, we will use your information to fulfil your order and to communicate with you about additional products you may be interested in.
When applying for a role with Breast Cancer you will be asked to provide certain information including your name, contact details, employment history and qualifications. This information is required for us to consider your application, shortlist applications and follow up on references where appropriate.  
When you engage in campaign activity on our behalf, we will store and process your data to provide you with opportunities to get involved and campaign for us.
When you access or download our apps, we save your registration information to provide you with updates on the app and other ways you can get involved with the charity. We also receive anonymous tracking information based on your use and interests in order to target information and support to you.
Sometimes, we will use the information you provide us to target our digital and social media advertising. This could include securely providing contact details such as your name and email address to digital advertising networks or social media companies such as Facebook, Google and Twitter. For example, we may use your information to enable us to display adverts to you, or to potential supporters who have similar characteristics to you.
Any information we share with social media companies will be shared in an encrypted format and will not be used for their own purposes. You can stop your information being used for this by contacting us. 
We will use your personal information to fulfil our business interests by providing you with the services, products or information you have requested and consented to, for administration and contractual purposes, and to further our charitable aims. We may use information gathered in compiling anonymous statistics and research. Your information may be shared with our service providers, associated organisations and agents but only for these purposes.
To enable us to contact you with information relevant to you, we may sometimes use your data for profile analysis and research purposes, based on information that you have provided, and in certain circumstances we will use information about you from publicly available sources such as online registries, websites, media or social media, or personal introductions. We may do this by looking at your career information, peer networks, demographic information, hobbies and interests or other information.  This helps us understand the background of the people who support us and helps us to make appropriate requests for gifts to supporters who may be willing and able to give more than they already do and/or leave us a gift in their will.  We may use third parties to undertake these activities and share your data with them to the extent required.
In certain instances, we collect and use your information by relying on the legitimate interests legal basis. If you buy a product from us or engage in our services, there is an organisational interest to use your personal information to maintain contact with you and determine the effectiveness of our campaigns and enhance our services. These legitimate interests will still comply with your individual data rights.  


Back to top
 

We will never pass on your information to third party organisations without your express permission other than for the purposes described above.
We work with carefully selected partners to carry out work on our behalf. These partners may include mailing houses, marketing agencies, IT specialists and research firms. We only choose partners we can trust and that match our high standards.
We will never sell or swap your information to third party organisations, and we do not share your personal information with third parties for their benefit.
We will only share your information with other third parties without consent if we are legally required to do so, for example, by a law enforcement agency legitimately exercising a power or if compelled by an order of the Court.


Back to top

We take appropriate physical and electronic measures in line with data protection legislation to ensure that we keep your information secure, accurate and up to date.  For example our online forms are encrypted and our network is protected and routinely monitored. Calls to our Supporter Care team are recorded for quality and monitoring purposes. The recordings are only stored for the minimal time required and are never transferred to external storage facilities such as memory sticks or discs. All personal information is stored in a central database which has stringent measures in place for restricting access and preventing external data breaches. We only keep this information for as long as we have a legal requirement or legitimate interest to do so in line with our retention policy. We will keep your information for 5 years after the end of your relationship with us then move it to our archives, information that is no longer required will be disposed of securely.
We use a secure server when you make a donation or purchase via our website. Any payment card details (such as credit or debit cards) we receive on our website are passed securely to our payment processing provider according to the Payment Card Industry Security Standards.
The data we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by people operating outside the EEA. If we do send your personal data outside the EEA, we will take reasonable steps to ensure the recipient takes appropriate measures to protect your data..
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be completely secure. Whilst we do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information which you transmit to us online and you must understand that you do so at your own risk. 


Back to top

We will only use your personal information if you have provided your consent, if we have a reasonable or legitimate interest or if we are allowed to do so by law. Our sign-up forms have clear marketing preference questions and we include information on how to opt out of further contact from us and how you can consent to receiving electronic messages.  
We may contact you for marketing purposes by email if you have opted in to receive these. If you have provided us with your postal address or telephone number we may send you direct mail for marketing purposes unless you have told us that you would prefer not to receive such information. 
You have the right to request that we do not process your personal information for direct marketing purposes. This may include cash appeals, raffles and fundraising campaigns.
You may opt-out of marketing emails at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in our marketing emails. You can also change your contact preferences at any time, including telling us to no longer send you marketing by post, by contacting our Supporter Care team by email supportercare@breastcancercare.org.uk or phone 0345 092 0817.
If you request to receive no further contact from us, we will keep some basic information in order to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future, and to ensure that we do not accidentally store details for the same person multiple times.


Back to top
 

We will hold your information for a period of up to five years from the end of your relationship with us, in accordance with our data retention policy. This information will then be supressed and archived on our database. In some circumstances, this will be longer. If you would like more details on how long we will hold any specific information, then please contact us and we can provide further details.


Back to top

We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate. You may also object to us keeping or profiling your personal data for some of the above purposes by writing to the address below.
You also have a right to access the personal information we hold about you and in certain circumstances to be provided with a copy of that information by submitting a Subject Access Request. You can submit this free of charge by email to supportercare@breastcancercare.org.uk or by writing to:
Supporter Care
	Breast Cancer Care
	Chester House
	1–3 Brixton Road
	London SW9 6DE
	Telephone: 0345 092 0800
If you are unhappy with the way in which your personal data has been handled you are entitled to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office.


Back to top

A cookie is a small piece of information that we may put on your computer or mobile device. There are several types of cookie and they have different functions, such as saving your passwords and site preferences. We use cookies to help us understand your interests and preferences, and distinguish you from other users, to ensure the website is as user friendly and relevant as possible and to provide you with information specifically tailored to your interests.
The types of cookies we use are set out below:



Type of Cookie
Function and further information




Google Analytics

_ga, _gat, _utma, _utmz
					These are common performance cookies that many websites use. It allows us to collect anonymous information about how you and others use our website and helps us to improve the website.
For more details please read Google’s Analytics overview. You can always opt-out of Google Analytics cookies by Google’s opt-out tool.



AddThis

_atuvs
				We use the AddThis social sharing widget within our website to enable visitors to share content with a range of social media and networking platforms. This cookie enables efficient sharing of content.


Forum

LithiumVisitor, LiSESSIONID, LithiumUserSecure, LithiumUserInfo, LithiumVisitor, VISITOR_BEACON
These cookies link your Forum profile with Lithium, the platform used for the Forum, and collects information and statistics about Forum visits and page views.



Marketpoint

urlKey, urlKey_date, aspsessionid
We use the Marketpoint platform to process registrations for fundraising campaigns such as Strawberry Tea and Big Pink. These cookies enable us to analyse how visitors find the campaign pages, e.g. online search engines, social media, web links. They also ensure that incomplete registration forms are reset to blank after 20 mins of inactivity or when the browser is closed down.



Online shop

_landing_page, _orig_referrer, _shopify_fs, _secure_session_id, _shopify_uniq, _shopify_uniq, _shopify_visit, _shopify_y, _shopify_s, _y, _s, secure_customer_sig, cart_sig
These cookies are used by our online shop platform Shopify. They track visits to the shop and provide key functionality for processing shop orders and collecting payments.



Optimizely

OptimizelyBucket, Optimizelyenduserid, OptimizelyPendingLogEvents, Optimizelysegments, mp_mixpanel__c
					These cookies allow us to carry out user testing on our website in order to improve the user experience and enable us to deliver content that’s relevant to the individual.



Website activity

ajs.anonymous.id, ajs.group.id, ajs.user.id, has_js
These cookies store anonymous user IDs, which we use to measure the conversion to registered web site users. They are also used to store the ID of registered users, which we use to identify regular visitors and enable us to offer personalised content. There is also a cookie to verify if users’ web browsers have JavaScript enabled.






Back to top

We may make changes to this privacy policy from time to time, so we encourage you to check it on occasion to make sure that you’re aware of changes to any sections that are important to you. Any significant changes may also be notified to you by email or displayed prominently on our website. By continuing to use our website you will be deemed to have accepted those changes. 


Back to top
