The South Australian Tourism Commission (SATC) is committed to protecting the privacy of any personal information it collects about you. This Information Privacy Policy (IPP) Statement details what the SATC means by Information Privacy and how the SATC protects and uses private information. The SATC operates in compliance with the Government of South Australia's Information Privacy Principles (IPPS), a copy of which can be obtained at: http://dpc.sa.gov.au/sites/default/files/pubimages/Circulars/PC012_Privacy_0.pdf 
The Information privacy principles set down by the Government of South Australia define personal information as “information or an opinion, whether true or not, relating to a natural person or the affairs of a natural person whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion”.


The types of personal information that we collect will depend on the nature of your dealings with us. For example, we may collect personal information directly from you when you:

If you are a traveller or tourist who registers to receive electronic newsletters from us, we will collect your name, address, email address, age group and information about what type of holiday you are looking for. This is so we can make sure we can provide you with material which is likely to be of most interest to you; and
If you deal with us in the course of business, we will generally only collect your business contact details (so we can communicate with you for normal business purposes).





Collection
The SATC will only collect your personal information by lawful and fair means and will not unnecessarily collect personal information. If the information is required by law to be collected, you will be notified of this requirement.




The SATC will only record your email address if your send the SATC a message. The email address will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list.


Use


The SATC should not use personal information except for a purpose to which it is relevant.  

Personal information should not be used by the SATC for a purpose that is not the purpose of collection or a purpose incidental to or connected with that purpose (the secondary purpose) unless: 


you would reasonably expect the SATC to use the information for the secondary purpose and the secondary purpose is related to the primary purpose of collection; 
you have expressly or impliedly consented to the use; 
the SATC believes on reasonable grounds that the use is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious threat to the life, health or safety of the record-subject or of some other person; 
the use is required by or under law; 
the use for that other purpose is reasonably necessary for the enforcement of the criminal law or of a law imposing a pecuniary penalty or for the protection of the public revenue or for the protection of the interests of the government, statutory authority or statutory office-holder as an employer; 
the SATC has reason to suspect that unlawful activity has been, is being or may be engaged in, and discloses the personal information as a necessary part of its investigation of the matter or in reporting its concerns to relevant persons or authorities; or 
the SATC reasonably believes that the use relates to information about an individual that suggests that the individual has engaged or may engage in illegal conduct or serious misconduct in relation to a person; and 
the SATC reasonably believes that the use is appropriate in the circumstances; and 
(ii) the use complies with any guidelines issued by the Minister for the purposes of this clause. 



If the SATC uses personal information it should take reasonable steps to ensure that, having regard to the purpose for which the information is being used, the information is accurate, complete and up to date.




Access

Where the SATC has in its possession or under its control records of personal information, you are entitled to have access to those records in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act 1991. 



Correction

If the SATC has in its possession or under its control records of personal information about you it should correct it so far as it is inaccurate or, having regard to the purpose of collection or to a purpose that is incidental to or connected with that purpose, incomplete, irrelevant, out of date, or where it would give a misleading impression in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act 1991.

If you are not satisfied that this process has rectified the problem then you have the right under the provisions of the Freedom of Information Act 1991 to access, correct and/or amend certain information. If you are not satisfied that this process has rectified the problem then you have the right under the provisions of the Freedom of Information Act 1991 to access, correct and/or amend certain information. http://www.archives.sa.gov.au/foi/ . However, under the Freedom of Information Act 1991, if access is sought to a record containing your personal information by a third person, Freedom of Information Act 1991 procedures that are designed to protect your privacy will apply.



Correction

The SATC will correct any errors in the personal information held about you if the information held about you is inaccurate, incomplete, irrelevant or leaves a misleading impression of you or the information is no longer useful for the purpose it was collected.




Storage and Security

The SATC will take such steps as are, in the circumstances, reasonable to ensure that personal information in its possession or under its control is securely stored and is not misused. 







Disclosure

The SATC should not disclose personal information about you to a third person for a purpose that is not the purpose of collection (the secondary purpose) unless:

you would reasonably expect the agency to disclose the information for the secondary purpose and the secondary purpose is related to the primary purpose of collection;  
you have expressly or impliedly consented to the disclosure; 
the SATC believes on reasonable grounds that the disclosure is necessary to prevent or lessen a serious threat to the life, health or safety of the record-subject or of some other person; 
the disclosure is required or authorised by or under law; 
the disclosure is reasonably necessary for the enforcement of the criminal law, or of a law imposing a pecuniary penalty or for the protection of the public revenue or for the protection of the interests of the government, statutory authority or statutory office-holder as an employer; 
the SATC has reason to suspect that unlawful activity has been, is being or may be engaged in, and discloses the personal information as a necessary part of its investigation of the matter or in reporting its concerns to relevant persons or authorities; or 
the SATC reasonably believes that the disclosure relates to information about an individual that suggests that the individual has engaged or may engage in illegal conduct or serious misconduct in relation to a person; and 
the SATC reasonably believes that the disclosure is appropriate in the circumstances; and 
the disclosure complies with any guidelines issued by the Minister for the purposes of this clause. 









Online Privacy Issues

If you use SATC’s websites, you are understood to consent to the terms and conditions set out on our websites. This includes consenting to the terms of this privacy policy. In general, you can visit SATC’s website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. However, there are times when we may need to collect personal information from you.



Information Systems

The SATC’s information technology information management system network carries, processes and stores both internal electronic transactions and external transactions, including telephone, e-mail, Internet and Intranet activity.



Consumer Research Information

At various times, the SATC collects personal information from direct and online marketing, online information requests, consumer surveys, interviews, competition entries and promotional media. The information relates to holiday preferences, tourism product information sources and buying influences. The information collected includes, but is not limited to the following:


name, age and address of individual concerned
demographic and lifestyle indicators
previous holiday locations
preferred holiday locations and styles
holiday spending patterns


This information is kept within the Marketing Division of the SATC and is accessed by staff within the SATC for the purpose of tourism planning and to distribute relevant promotional offers specific to South Australian tourism.



Cookies

In order to provide websites that are easy to use, reliable and contain useful and relevant information; the SATC’s websites use “cookies”. Cookies are small amounts of information that may be placed on your device, such as a computer or mobile phone, in order to track your visit. Cookies help the SATC to remember who you are. The SATC uses cookies to help make your subsequent visits to its websites simpler and more seamless. For example, the SATC uses cookies to help deliver personalised website content and navigation to provide better user experiences. The SATC uses cookies to recognise whether you were a previous visitor to its websites, enabling it to load relevant and saved information.

You can set your browser to alert you to when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, by not accepting cookies, some web pages may not display properly or your may not be permitted to access certain information.

The SATC uses Google Analytics cookies to collect anonymous data, including but not limited to geographic location, time spent on its websites, how you reached the SATC’s websites, what pages you visited and keywords you used to search the websites. If you do not want the SATC to track this information, you may opt out using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.

The SATC uses Double Click for Publishers to track where advertising is placed on its websites and how many times advertisements have been viewed or clicked on by visitors.

The SATC places advertising cookies on its websites, enabling the SATC and its partners to serve you with advertising content that is more relevant to your interests.



No attempt will be made to identify you except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the service provider’s logs.



Disclosure of Personal Information Outside Australia

The SATC may disclose personal information to related entities and external service providers located overseas for some of the purposes outlined in this Information Privacy Policy Statement. The SATC takes reasonable steps to ensure that the recipients of personal information do not breach the privacy obligations relating to your personal information. Personal information may be disclosed to:


The SATC’s related offices and agencies overseas, located in New Zealand, the United States, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Italy, Malaysia, Singapore and the United Kingdom;
Data hosting and cloud-based service providers;
Other external service providers and third parties where you have authorised us to do so.


Financial Management and Contractual Records
Financial records are used to process and account for expenditure and revenue. Generally they contain the name, address and Australian Business Number of the service provider and the goods or services supplied. Contractual Records include personal information relating to consultants and other contractors who provide goods and services to the SATC. In accordance with the South Australian Government’s Disclosure Policy, information relating to contracts entered into by the SATC may be published on the SA Government website. Financial and contractual information is stored in the Corporate Services Division and is accessed by staff and auditors of the SATC.


Correspondence

Correspondence that has been addressed to the Chief Executive Officer or SATC Staff is registered within the SATC records management system and referred to the relevant areas within the SATC for consideration and preparation of advice and responses. This correspondence and the replies are kept in electronic and paper form and its retention and destruction is subject to the provisions of the State Records Act 1997. The correspondence includes personal information which might arise in any subject matter related to the SATC’s functions. Examples include but are not limited to names, addresses, personal opinions about tourism related matters, complaints and grievances and any other matter that the correspondent wishes to convey to the SATC. The correspondence is filed and stored in the Corporate Services Division of the SATC and can be accessed by staff and auditors of the SATC.


Third Party Privacy Practices

The SATC’s websites may contain links to websites operated by third parties. The SATC is not responsible for the quality or content of third party websites linked to from SATC websites. The SATC makes no representations or warranties regarding third party website privacy practices. The SATC is not responsible for third party privacy policies. Third party websites are responsible for informing you about their privacy practices.



Use of Site

Any use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorised by the SATC. 

You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libellous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offence, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law.



Disclaimer
This statement sets out the SATC’s policies relating to the privacy of your personal information and is to be read in conjunction with the rights claimed by the South Australian Government at http://www.archives.sa.gov.au/alias/privacy 
This site and the data on this site is provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, the SATC disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the site being virus free,  implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.

The SATC reserves the right to delete or archive any material on the site at any time as long as it in compliance with the State Records Act. 




Making a Privacy Complaint
If you feel that the SATC has not dealt with your personal information in accordance with the SA Government IPP, please let us know so we may have the opportunity to rectify and resolve the problem. Written complaints should be sent, with any supporting documentation, to:



Chief Executive Officer
South Australian Tourism Commission
GPO Box 1972
ADELAIDE SA 5001



Letters of complaint will be acknowledged in writing within 14 days from the date on which the application was received. The SATC undertakes to conduct a review and respond to the complaint within 60 days from the date on which the application is received. Applicants will be advised in writing of the outcome.








