
I. Introduction
In the course of the in-training, certification, and maintenance of certification processes, the American Board of Pediatrics, Inc. (ABP) must collect, utilize, and in some cases share with third parties various forms of personal and professional information. These data include information from and regarding candidates and diplomates such as mailing addresses, email addresses, dates of birth, government-issued identification numbers, training information, examination performance, certification information, ABP-approved activity performance, survey responses, and similar types of personal and professional information.
II. Policy Statement of Purpose
The ABP has adopted this Privacy Policy applicable to the collection, use, and disclosure of such personal and professional information and to explain the ABP's policies and practices regarding the privacy of such information. The goal in establishing this Privacy Policy is to assure each person who discloses information to the ABP that any and all data disclosures or uses are in compliance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), as amended, and any authorized regulations, guidelines, or laws.
III. Certification Status Is Considered Public Information
The ABP considers the certification status, including the current status of the individual's participation in the ABP's Maintenance of Certification program, and the certification history of individuals to be public information. The ABP will publish an individual's certification status on the ABP's website and report this information to third parties listed below. Historical records of an individual's applications for certification examinations and prior certification status will also be disclosed upon request.
IV. Confidential Information Collected
In order to identify and determine the qualification of physicians to sit for initial certifying examinations or maintain their certification, the ABP requires that applicants provide personal contact and identifying information, as well as other personal, educational, and professional background information. This personal information is utilized by the ABP to identify and communicate with an applicant, as well as to determine an applicant's eligibility and qualification to become a candidate for certification or to maintain their certification. By providing data, including personal data, to the ABP through registration, surveys, or forms, applicants or diplomates consent to the ABP's use of their data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The ABP maintains physical, electronic, procedural, and managerial safeguards to protect and secure all such information from unintended disclosure or access.
The ABP makes confidential information available to its employees and contractors when this information is necessary to conduct the registration, administration, and scoring of examinations, as well as for other business purposes of the ABP and certification and maintenance of certification activities offered by the ABP. Any employee violating this Privacy Policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal.

Personal data
	The ABP will collect phone numbers and mail and email addresses and other personal data in order to communicate with individuals and notify them of important information relating to examinations, registration, certification, Maintenance of Certification, and other ABP activities that may affect them.
	 
Financial data
	When applicants or diplomates pay an examination fee or Maintenance of Certification enrollment fee via the ABP website, certain financial information such as credit card numbers, credit card expiration dates, and billing addresses is used to charge applicants and diplomates. Although credit card information is passed to our credit card processing vendor, the credit card number, security code, and expiration date are not retained by the ABP. The ABP will not otherwise share an individual's financial information with third parties for any other purpose except as required by law (such as complying with a subpoena or court order).
	Credit card processing activities and related technologies must comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). The ABP undergoes regularly scheduled audits by an independent security firm to ensure our compliance with the PCI-DSS and other security standards.

V. Disclosure of Confidential Information
The ABP considers the certification status of its diplomates to be public information and reserves the right to publish and share public information in any and all public forums determined by the ABP to be reasonable. The ABP generally regards all other information about individuals as private and confidential. However, the ABP may disclose certain information in certain circumstances, including the following:

Release of Information to Third Parties

Diplomate Data
		The ABP shares information regarding a diplomate's certification status, personal identifying information, and educational information with the American Board of Medical Specialties (ABMS), which publishes The Official ABMS Directory of Board Certified Medical Specialists; medical societies, including the American Academy of Pediatrics, which publishes the journal Pediatrics, to help maintain the currency and accuracy of diplomate records, to provide Continuing Medical Education credit for activities created by the ABP, and to provide materials to diplomates that are designed to assist them in remaining current in their specialty; the Federation of State Medical Boards (FSMB), to help maintain the currency and accuracy of diplomate records and to publish the FSMB Physician Profile; Data Commons, which enables data transfers, to provide ABP-released data exchange among approved third parties; and with other third parties as determined by the ABP to be reasonable and in the interest to the ABP to fulfill its mission and purposes.
		 
Data Requests
		The ABP regards the results of an individual's examination, ABP-approved activity performance, and survey responses as private. The ABP may, however, make available the aggregate results of various groups (eg, residents) at its discretion. The ABP publishes examination pass rates, training program pass rates, and workforce data on its website and will use examination performance data and other information for research purposes. In these instances, however, the ABP will not identify specific individuals; only aggregated results will be disclosed.
		 
Resident/Fellow Summary Evaluation Data
		The ABP releases information regarding summary evaluations obtained through resident and fellow electronic data tracking systems, including dates of training, credit provided for that training, final evaluation and In-Training exam scores, upon the request of a trainee/diplomate with a notarized signature or the request of a training program that has accepted or is considering accepting a resident/fellow in transfer, or when the ABP becomes aware that a resident/fellow has entered a new training program, either through the tracking and evaluation system transfer form or through other means of communication.
		The ABP provides residency/fellowship training directors pass/fail status of their residents/fellows on certifying examinations.
		 
Additional Data
		For joint board certifications where the ABP is not the administrating Board, the ABP releases information necessary for the administrating board to permit the candidate/fellow/diplomate to sit for the examination. For those ABP examinations that are given in an electronic format, the ABP releases data to third parties in order to deliver these examinations. The ABP also releases minimal data to outside organizations that provide ABP-approved self-assessments, Quality Improvement projects, Performance Improvement Modules (PIMs), or other activities in order for ABP residents, fellows, and diplomates to access those modules.
		 


Conditional Release of Information

Misconduct
The ABP reserves the right to disclose, and typically will disclose, information in its possession to appropriate investigators or entities (eg, state medical boards, other credentialing bodies) and may make public information regarding any individual whom the ABP, in its sole and absolute discretion, suspects or determines has: (i) violated the ABP's rules, policies, procedures, or required competencies (eg, codes of ethical behavior); (ii) engaged in misrepresentation or unprofessional behavior; (iii) had their diplomate status revoked or been otherwise disciplined; or (iv) demonstrated signs of impairment.
		 
Court Order
		The ABP will disclose all relevant information in its possession for which the ABP does not have a claim of legal privilege in response to a lawful subpoena, court order, or an authorized request by a government or regulatory entity.
		 
Consent
		The ABP will release information not otherwise disclosed pursuant to this Privacy Policy to third parties upon the direction of and receipt of a signed authorization from the candidate/diplomate for whom the information pertains.
		 
Other
		The ABP may respond to miscellaneous requests for information from individuals or organizations on a case-by-case basis. The ABP may also disclose information such as lists of residents, fellows in training, and names of current general pediatrics or subspecialty program directors in certain circumstances. Other than as identified herein, the ABP ordinarily does not disclose candidate and diplomate information to third parties. In the event the ABP must disclose information in other circumstances, a reasonable effort will be made to notify the individual whose information is sought. 
		If the ABP transfers all or a portion of its operations or assets to another organization, the ABP would contractually require the recipient to treat the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy




VI.    Use of Confidential Information by the ABP

Electronic Communication Tools
	The ABP may use third-party companies to provide delivery of electronic communications. Electronic contact information is uploaded to a secure, Web-based data server that can only be accessed and utilized by the ABP. Through the use of third-party email delivery tools, the ABP does not provide authorization for any other external organization or group to utilize personal contact data.
	 
Log Files
	Every time a site user requests or downloads a file from www.abp.org, the ABP may store the IP address and data about these events in a log file. The ABP may use this information to analyze trends to improve the usability of the website, to ensure established performance levels of our website are achieved, to resolve website user's problems by tracing their movements, and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use or for other business purposes. The ABP also uses Google Analytics to analyze Web site activity by using cookies to track anonymous data.

VII. Online Security
The ABP makes every effort to protect a site user's personal information when entering its website through the use of firewalls and other security measures on its servers. No server, however, is 100% secure. Site users should take this into account when submitting personal or confidential information on any Web site, including this one. The ABP assumes no liability for the interception, alteration, or misuse of the information obtained through its Web site. For more information, please refer to the ABP's Master License and Terms of Use Policy.

ABP Website

Secure Username and Password
		To avoid any potential misuse of the information provided in a secure, online ABP portfolio, users should create a confidential username and password. This information should not be shared with colleagues or other individuals. Users are strongly encouraged to log out of the portfolio when exiting the ABP website to ensure that no person is inappropriately accessing personal or confidential information available in a portfolio.
		 
Accessing and Updating Personal Information
		If a candidate/diplomate requests a copy of his/her file, the ABP will release the individual's information upon written request with a notarized signature. Candidates and diplomates can also access the personal information they provide to the ABP for the purpose of reviewing or updating such information. Candidates and diplomates may update personal information by mail or on the ABP website. Changes can be made via mail with the change of address page in the annual diplomate newsletter or by submitting a written request to the ABP: 
American Board of Pediatrics
		111 Silver Cedar Court
		Chapel Hill, NC 27514 
Changes to personal information such as mail and email addresses and passwords may be updated by candidates and diplomates using the "Contact Information" section of their online portfolio via the ABP website.

Links to Third-Party Websites
		As a convenience, the ABP provides links to third-party websites that may provide relevant information to inquirers. By utilizing these links, users are leaving the ABP website. The ABP does not control nor is it responsible for the content or privacy policies of any other site.​​
		 



Avoiding Misuse


​Use of ABP ID # for Identification Purposes
For security reasons, the ABP encourages diplomates to utilize their ABP ID # when asked to identify themselves to a third-party provider.


Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data that often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to a user's browser from a website's computers and is stored on the hard drive of the user's computer. Each website can send its own cookie to a browser if the browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect privacy) a browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent, not the cookies sent by other sites. A browser can be configured to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify the user when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so users are advised to check the browser's "Help" menu to learn how to change cookie preferences.) A user whose computer is set to reject all cookies will not be able to log in to his or her ABP Portfolio.




​​VIII. Other

Transfer of Information across International Boundaries
When visiting the ABP website from a country other than the United States, electronic communication will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. By visiting the ABP website and communicating electronically with the ABP, the user provides actual consent to these transfers.
	 
Breaches by Third Parties
	The ABP is not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of third-party companies.
	 
Privacy Policy Updates
	The ABP reserves the right to periodically update or change this Privacy Policy. The ABP will post updates to this statement on its website. The updated statement (along with its effective date) may be viewed by visiting the ABP website and selecting the "Privacy Policy" link at the bottom of the home page.
	 
Contact Information
	Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to the ABP at abpeds@abpeds.org.

 

Date / Revision Date
Origination Date: September 1, 2004
Revised: April, 2011 
Approved by the Board of Directors: June, 2011
Revised: October, 2011
Revised: May, 2012 
Approved by the Board of Directors: June, 2012
Revised: September, 2012
Revised: January, 2013
Approved by the Board of Directors: February, 2013
Revised: May, 2013
Approved by the Board of Directors: June, 2013
Revised: October, 2013
Approved by the Board of Directors: February, 2014

