STI Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy:
Snow Time, Inc. and its subsidiary companies ("Liberty Mountain Resort", “Whitetail Resort” “Whitetail Golf Resort” and “Roundtop Mountain Resort”), hereinafter referred to as “Snow Time Resorts” are committed to protecting the personal privacy of visitors and guests using their Internet sites. Our privacy policy aims to accomplish four basic goals:  
Not to release personally identifiable information.
Only to collect personal information that is voluntarily submitted.
To protect any personal information that is collected.
Encourage our site users to communicate privacy concerns and to quickly respond to such concerns
Coverage:
This privacy policy applies to all Snow Time Resort owned and operated sites.
Definitions of Types of Information:
Personally identifiable information is information or other data that may specifically identify an individual user. In order for you to purchase services that we offer via our sites, we require you to provide us with such Personal Information. Personal Information may include: (i) Contact Data (such as your name, mailing and e-mail addresses); (ii) Financial Data (such as your account or credit card number); and (iii) Demographic Data (such as your zip code, age, gender and skier/boarder type). If you communicate with us by e-mail or otherwise complete online forms, sales, surveys or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.
Our websites do not automatically collect personally identifiable information. Traffic Data shall not be considered personally identifiable information or Personal Information. Traffic Data is information on a user's patterns of access and usage of the sites. We may track and collect the following information when you visit our site, including your: (i) IP address; (ii) domain server; and (iii) type of web browser. Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site
The Information We Collect and Use:
Registration or Sales
A user may access and utilize the vast majority of site functionality without transmitting any Personal Information. In order to access certain other functionality, we may request the user provide personally identifiable information. At no time is the user under any obligation to provide Personal Information. If the user does not wish to access such functionality, the user should not transmit the personally identifiable information. During the registration or sales process we may require the user to complete certain data fields. Some fields may be optional. Snow Time Resort subsidiaries may utilize such information for legitimate business processing or communication purposes
Sharing Personally Identifiable Information with Third Parties:
We respect your privacy.  We will not sell, rent, loan or give away your personal information. We may sometimes use an agent or contractor to communicate with our customers.  Any such agents or contractors are required to keep your information confidential.
The Opt Out Process:
If you indicate to us that you do not want to receive certain types of communications at the time of registration, we will respect your wishes, and comply with your preferences. If you already are a registered user and would like to change the choices you have made, you may email us at skiliberty@skiliberty.com, skiwhitetail@skiwhitetail.com or skiroundtop@skiroundtop.com for assistance
Children:
Snow Time Resorts are concerned about protecting the safety of the children who use our site; therefore we will comply with the terms of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. As such, we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information on users under the age of 13, without the consent of a parent to do so.
Security:
Snow Time Resorts operate secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection. We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under our control. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we make every reasonable effort to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
Please Note:
In certain special cases, we may disclose your personally identifiable information if we believe the law requires it, or in response to any demand by law enforcement authorities in connection with a criminal investigation, or civil or administrative authorities in connection with a pending civil case, administrative investigation or including without limitation a response to a law enforcement request or a valid subpoena.
VISITORS WHO ACCESS OUR SITE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
Our site and databases are hosted on web servers located in the United States. We share the personal information we collect with our third-party service providers as described in this Policy. When we transfer your personal information, we will take appropriate measures to protect your privacy and personal information. By using our site, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
Our site is a US site and is governed by US law. If you do not wish to consent to US law or this Policy, you should not share information with us or use our site.
Contacting Us:
If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact:
Risk Management Office
78 Country Club Trail
Carroll Valley, PA  17320
Snow Time Resorts reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be posted to this page, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you of any significant changes to this privacy policy. However, it is your responsibility to check this site for any such updates as you will be bound by them should you choose to visit our sites.
