


                Personal Information We Collect
              LASIK MD (“we” or “us”) collects personal information for the purpose of managing and administering our services and business. We may collect personal information directly from you when you use our services or submit information to us (whether such information is submitted through our website, to our call centre agents or clinic staff, for the purposes of entering in a contest or sweepstakes, or otherwise), or from third parties with your consent or as permitted or required by law.

              The personal information we collect may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, health information (such as your diagnosis and treatment) and financial information (such as payment and insurance coverage information).

              We collect, use and disclose your personal information with your consent or as permitted or required by law. Generally, by providing us with personal information we will assume that you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such information for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy or otherwise at the time of collection. We limit our collection of personal information to what is reasonable under the circumstances. You may withdraw your consent at any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice.

              We may change our Privacy Policy at any time and without notice. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We encourage you to visit this website frequently to obtain the current version. Your continued provision of personal information to us following such change constitutes your acceptance of such changes.


                How LASIK MD May Use or Disclose Your Health Information
              

                For Healthcare Operations
              LASIK MD may use and disclose your personal information, including health information, for operational purposes. For example, your health information may be disclosed to members of the medical staff, risk or quality improvement personnel, and others in order to evaluate the performance of our staff, assess the quality of care and outcomes in your case and similar cases, learn how to improve our facilities and services, determine how to continually improve the quality and effectiveness of the healthcare services we provide. All LASIK MD staff to which such health information is disclosed is bound by a confidentiality agreement.


                Appointments
              LASIK MD may use your personal information to provide you appointment reminders. You may be contacted to remind you of an upcoming appointment by mail or by telephone at the address or number you have provided for contact; unless you have opted-out of receiving such electronic communications, you may also be contacted by email or SMS for such purposes.


                For Treatment
              LASIK MD may collect, use and disclose your health information to provide you with medical treatment or related services. For example, any information related to your treatment obtained by a healthcare provider associated with LASIK MD, such as an optometrist, physician, nurse, or other person providing health services to you, may be recorded in your patient chart. This information is necessary for our healthcare providers to determine what treatment you should receive. Our healthcare providers will also record actions taken by them in the course of your treatment and note how you respond to these actions. If you have been referred into our facility from a healthcare provider outside of LASIK MD, that referring doctor may have sent information about you in advance to help in the treatment we provide you. We may provide your referring healthcare provider with copies of your record or reports that will assist him/her in your treatment and healthcare after you have completed your management from our facility. All LASIK MD staff to which such health information is disclosed is bound by a confidentiality agreement.


                For Payment
              LASIK MD may use and disclose your personal information to others for purposes of receiving payment for treatment and services that you receive. For example, a bill may be sent to you or a third-party payer, such as an insurance company or pursuant to a health plan. The information on the bill may contain information that identifies you, your diagnosis, and treatment or supplies used in the course of treatment.


                Marketing
              LASIK MD may, with your consent, use information it collects, including information submitted in connection with contests or sweepstakes, to market to you directly for research opportunities, services, procedures or materials offered by LASIK MD that may be of interest or benefit to you. If you do not wish to receive this information, you have the right to be removed from our list. With your consent, we may send you commercial electronic messages to the email address you provided, including newsletters, information about our products and services, information about treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services and other information and news that we believe may be of interest to you. If you no longer desire to receive these communications, you will have the option to opt-out of receiving future communications. In addition, if you send us questions or requests, we may use your information (including your personal information) to respond to your questions or requests. We may also use the information collected to contact you about important service announcements and updates regarding our website, products or services.


                Updating and Removal of Data
              If you wish to be removed from our marketing lists, you may send us an email requesting to opt-out at 


                Cookies
              When you visit the LASIK MD website, we may use “cookies”, which is technology that installs a small amount of information on the user’s computer to permit our website to recognize future visits using that computer. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. The information provided through cookies may be used to track your activity on our website, to respond to your needs, to facilitate your experience on our website and to improve our website. You may choose to decline cookies and still use our site; however, you may not be able to access all areas of our site.

              At LASIK MD, we also leverage Google's cookie-based technology to group users into re-marketing audiences who have expressed an interest in our procedures by accessing key pages throughout our website. We do not collect any personally identifying information with this cookie. Audience members may be shown LASIK MD text and/or image ads on any Google or 3rd party Internet sites for a limited period of time. Visitors may opt out of re-marketing by visiting Google's 


                Disclosure of Your Information
              We may disclose your personal information to third party service providers in connection with specific services to be carried out on our behalf, such as the maintenance and operations of our website and databases or other reasons related to the operation of our business. These providers are required to keep your personal information secure and confidential and must respect our Privacy Policy. Their use of your personal information is restricted to the services to be provided to us and for no other purpose than what is required to carry-out such services. Some service providers may be located outside of Canada where personal information may be subject to the laws of those jurisdictions.


                Links to Other Websites
              LASIK MD is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other websites to which we link or which may link to our site(s).


                Access
              The personal information we collect will be held at our offices or on our servers and those of our service providers and only those employees who require it for the purposes of their duties will have access to those files. To the extent provided by law, you may request access to your personal information contained in these files and the correction of such information by contacting us at the address set out below.


                Contact Information
              If you have any questions or complaints about our privacy practices, please contact us at:

              LASIK MD
              1180 Drummond Street, Suite 400
              Montreal, QC, H3G 2S1
              1-866-961-2020


                Privacy Policy in effect as of: September 3, 2014
              
LASIK MD values everyone’s right to privacy. Privacy involves the protection of your integrity and of your right to disclose your personal information or not, as well as ensuring that, as a consumer, you do not get bothered by unsolicited communications if you do not wish to be contacted. The following Privacy Policy outlines our practices with respect to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information provided to us. This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information of our employees or employment applicants, or to information that is not personal information.LASIK MD (“we” or “us”) collects personal information for the purpose of managing and administering our services and business. We may collect personal information directly from you when you use our services or submit information to us (whether such information is submitted through our website, to our call centre agents or clinic staff, for the purposes of entering in a contest or sweepstakes, or otherwise), or from third parties with your consent or as permitted or required by law.The personal information we collect may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, health information (such as your diagnosis and treatment) and financial information (such as payment and insurance coverage information).We collect, use and disclose your personal information with your consent or as permitted or required by law. Generally, by providing us with personal information we will assume that you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such information for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy or otherwise at the time of collection. We limit our collection of personal information to what is reasonable under the circumstances. You may withdraw your consent at any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice.We may change our Privacy Policy at any time and without notice. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We encourage you to visit this website frequently to obtain the current version. Your continued provision of personal information to us following such change constitutes your acceptance of such changes.LASIK MD may use and disclose your personal information, including health information, for operational purposes. For example, your health information may be disclosed to members of the medical staff, risk or quality improvement personnel, and others in order to evaluate the performance of our staff, assess the quality of care and outcomes in your case and similar cases, learn how to improve our facilities and services, determine how to continually improve the quality and effectiveness of the healthcare services we provide. All LASIK MD staff to which such health information is disclosed is bound by a confidentiality agreement.LASIK MD may use your personal information to provide you appointment reminders. You may be contacted to remind you of an upcoming appointment by mail or by telephone at the address or number you have provided for contact; unless you have opted-out of receiving such electronic communications, you may also be contacted by email or SMS for such purposes.LASIK MD may collect, use and disclose your health information to provide you with medical treatment or related services. For example, any information related to your treatment obtained by a healthcare provider associated with LASIK MD, such as an optometrist, physician, nurse, or other person providing health services to you, may be recorded in your patient chart. This information is necessary for our healthcare providers to determine what treatment you should receive. Our healthcare providers will also record actions taken by them in the course of your treatment and note how you respond to these actions. If you have been referred into our facility from a healthcare provider outside of LASIK MD, that referring doctor may have sent information about you in advance to help in the treatment we provide you. We may provide your referring healthcare provider with copies of your record or reports that will assist him/her in your treatment and healthcare after you have completed your management from our facility. All LASIK MD staff to which such health information is disclosed is bound by a confidentiality agreement.LASIK MD may use and disclose your personal information to others for purposes of receiving payment for treatment and services that you receive. For example, a bill may be sent to you or a third-party payer, such as an insurance company or pursuant to a health plan. The information on the bill may contain information that identifies you, your diagnosis, and treatment or supplies used in the course of treatment.LASIK MD may, with your consent, use information it collects, including information submitted in connection with contests or sweepstakes, to market to you directly for research opportunities, services, procedures or materials offered by LASIK MD that may be of interest or benefit to you. If you do not wish to receive this information, you have the right to be removed from our list. With your consent, we may send you commercial electronic messages to the email address you provided, including newsletters, information about our products and services, information about treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services and other information and news that we believe may be of interest to you. If you no longer desire to receive these communications, you will have the option to opt-out of receiving future communications. In addition, if you send us questions or requests, we may use your information (including your personal information) to respond to your questions or requests. We may also use the information collected to contact you about important service announcements and updates regarding our website, products or services.If you wish to be removed from our marketing lists, you may send us an email requesting to opt-out at info@lasikmd.com . You may also update your information by calling us at 1-866-961-2020.When you visit the LASIK MD website, we may use “cookies”, which is technology that installs a small amount of information on the user’s computer to permit our website to recognize future visits using that computer. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. The information provided through cookies may be used to track your activity on our website, to respond to your needs, to facilitate your experience on our website and to improve our website. You may choose to decline cookies and still use our site; however, you may not be able to access all areas of our site.At LASIK MD, we also leverage Google's cookie-based technology to group users into re-marketing audiences who have expressed an interest in our procedures by accessing key pages throughout our website. We do not collect any personally identifying information with this cookie. Audience members may be shown LASIK MD text and/or image ads on any Google or 3rd party Internet sites for a limited period of time. Visitors may opt out of re-marketing by visiting Google's Ads Settings We may disclose your personal information to third party service providers in connection with specific services to be carried out on our behalf, such as the maintenance and operations of our website and databases or other reasons related to the operation of our business. These providers are required to keep your personal information secure and confidential and must respect our Privacy Policy. Their use of your personal information is restricted to the services to be provided to us and for no other purpose than what is required to carry-out such services. Some service providers may be located outside of Canada where personal information may be subject to the laws of those jurisdictions.LASIK MD is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other websites to which we link or which may link to our site(s).The personal information we collect will be held at our offices or on our servers and those of our service providers and only those employees who require it for the purposes of their duties will have access to those files. To the extent provided by law, you may request access to your personal information contained in these files and the correction of such information by contacting us at the address set out below.If you have any questions or complaints about our privacy practices, please contact us at:LASIK MD1180 Drummond Street, Suite 400Montreal, QC, H3G 2S11-866-961-2020