

Thank you for reviewing the Boeing Privacy and Cookie Statement (“Statement”). The Boeing Company and its family of companies (“Boeing”) are sensitive to the issue of confidentiality in online interactions and are committed to protecting individual privacy across our range of websites, mobile applications, products, and services (“Services”). This Statement is intended to inform you about the approach Boeing Services displaying this Statement follow when collecting, using and disclosing your information.
Statement applicability Collection and use of personal information Collection and use of location data Automated data collection      Cookies and tracers      Third-party cookies and tracers      Interest-based advertising      Cross-device tracking Organizational Services data Disclosure of personal information Location of data processing Retention of personal information Security of personal information Children’s privacy Corporate changes Contact us Statement revision
Statement applicability This Statement applies to visitors and users of Boeing Services that link to this Statement. Individual Boeing Services adopt different privacy statements, or privacy notices that supplement this Statement, to better fit transactions taking place on those Boeing Services. If a Boeing Service has its own privacy statement or a supplementary notice, the provisions of that statement or supplementary notice will take priority if conflicting with this Statement.
For your convenience, Boeing Services enable purchase, subscription, or use of other products and online services from Boeing or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services will be governed by their respective privacy policies or statements.
Collection and use of personal information Boeing collects personal information from and about individuals for a variety of purposes. In some cases, Boeing requests personal information from you, or from your employer in the case of organizational Services. In other cases we obtain personal information from third parties, or by noting how you and the devices you use interact with our Services. Examples of personal information include:

first and last names
phone numbers
e-mail addresses
mailing addresses
passport or government identification information
gender
date of birth
country of residence

Boeing uses your personal information in a variety of ways, depending on how you interact with us, including to:

maintain and provide you with Services
fulfill underlying transactions on our Services
allow access to account information and Service features
respond to your questions or instructions concerning the Services
deliver confirmations, account information, notifications, and similar operational communications
improve your user experience and the quality of our products and Services
market and advertise our products and services
maintain the integrity of our network and address security issues
investigate or take action regarding violations or suspected violations of law or our terms
comply with legal and/or regulatory requirements
manage our business

We and our service providers also use the information you provide to send you future communications, including, for example, promotional messages, about Boeing and issues of interest via email, postal mail, fax, SMS and phone, as permitted by local law and subject to your contact preferences. Although we hope you will find our promotional communications of interest, you are able to opt out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication. Please note that we do not consider aggregated information, from which identifiers have been removed, to be personal information. We combine personal information collected through our Services with other information that we or third parties collect about you in other contexts, such as our communications with you via email or phone, or your customer service records. We treat such combined information as personal information and protect it in accordance with this Statement.
Collection and use of location data  When you use Boeing Services, we collect and process information about your pinpointed location, after obtaining consent as required by local law. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points, and cell towers. Location data is used in accordance with Collection and use of personal information, and disclosed in accordance with Disclosure of your information.
You are able to withdraw your permission for Boeing to acquire pinpointed location information from your device through your device settings, although Boeing does not control this process. Boeing applications use the geo-location features (GPS or network-based) to support your use of location-based tools such as airport/map views, city code searches and other features, as well as to improve Boeing applications. If your device is owned by your organization, your ability to withdraw your permission for pinpointing location information will depend on your organization’s policies.
Automated data collection When you visit Boeing Services and you have not otherwise identified yourself (e.g., via registration with a Boeing Service), our web servers automatically recognize your domain name, but not your e-mail address. We collect the domain name and monitor general site use and traffic patterns to improve the Services that we offer. Boeing uses web server logs to collect data for metrics purposes. Examples of the types of data collected in the logs are IP addresses, referral pages, date and time of site access, and site visited. We use collected data to customize the content and/or layout of our pages for each individual visitor.
Cookies and tracers  Cookies are small data files placed on your device by a website when you visit. Boeing uses cookies set by us or other companies for tracking purposes or to make our Services easier to use. Cookies are currently the best way to effectively identify unique website visitors and understand how they navigate our Services. Like many websites, we do not currently respond to “do not track” browser headers. But with most internet browsers, you can take steps to limit tracking by erasing cookies from your device and by setting your browser to block all cookies or warn you before a cookie is stored. Cookies offer enhanced functionality to the user, but whether you allow a cookie to be placed on your device is up to you.
Boeing uses tracking scripts or "tracers" that recognize a unique identifier from a cookie placed on your device by another website. These are used by Boeing to gauge the success of our programs, such as advertising campaigns. For instance, we use a tracer to determine whether you visit our employment pages after visiting a resume or career site where we placed a banner ad.
While our cookie names will change over the course of time, they generally fall into the following categories:







  Categories
Examples




Service Features and Processes


These cookies help us deliver products and services that you expect, such as maintaining your shopping cart, processing payments, navigating around Services, and using live chat to interact with customer service representatives. Some of these cookies are placed on your device by a third party with which we contract to provide certain services. Without these cookies, our Services cannot function properly.




Service Preferences


These cookies allow our Services to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as your preferred language or the region you are in. These cookies can also assist you in changing text size, font, and other parts of web pages that you can personalize. Without these cookies, our Services cannot function properly.




Service Improvement


These cookies help us improve our Services and your browsing experience. Blocking or deleting these cookies will not impact Service functionality. For details and to opt out, see Cookies and tracers.




Analytics


These cookies help us understand how visitors engage with our Services through collection of usage statistics. Examples of the types of data collected include IP addresses, referral pages, date and time of Service access, and Service visited. Some of these cookies are placed on your device by a third party with which we contract to provide certain services. Blocking or deleting these cookies will not impact Service functionality. For details and to opt out, see Third-party cookies and tracers.




Advertising and Remarketing


These cookies are used to understand and deliver ads, make them more relevant to you, and analyze the effectiveness of our advertising programs. They use the fact that you visited our Services to target online ads for Boeing Services to you on non-Boeing websites. Some of these cookies are placed on your device by a third party with which we contract to provide certain services. Blocking or deleting these cookies will not impact Service functionality. For details and to opt out, see Interest-based advertising.




Social Features


These cookies allow you to more easily share our Service content on social networks, or share your comments with other Service visitors. Some of these cookies are placed on your device by a third party with which we contract to provide certain services. Blocking or deleting these cookies will not impact Service functionality. For details and to opt out, see Third-party cookies and tracers.




Security and  Authentication


These cookies are used to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of login credentials, and protect user data from unauthorized parties. Without these cookies, certain Services features cannot function properly.








 
Third-party cookies and tracers Boeing Services often contain cookies or similar technologies from third-party providers that help us compile statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, perform analytics, enable social networking features, and other operations. These technologies enable the third-party providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across the Services and other, unaffiliated devices, applications, websites, or services. You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these third-party providers by visiting the following links:
Interest-based advertising Boeing also enables cookies and third-party tracking mechanisms to collect your information for use in interest-based advertising. For example, third parties use the fact that you visited our Services to target online ads for Boeing services to you on non-Boeing websites. In addition, our third-party advertising networks use information about your use of our Services to help target non-Boeing advertisements based on your online behavior in general. Learn more about interest-based advertising, or opt out of the practice, by visiting the following links:
You can opt out of interest-based advertising in mobile apps by downloading the Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices tool at the following link:
Cross-device tracking Data collected from a particular browser, app, or device can be used with a linked computer or device. For example, we or our third-party service providers display ads to you on your laptop based on the fact that you visited Boeing Services on your smartphone. You can opt out of cross-device tracking on each of your browsers and devices by using the links provided above (see Interest-based advertising). Please note that the opt-out will apply only to the specific browser or device from which you opt out, and you need to opt out separately on all of your browsers and devices.
Organizational Services Data Many of Boeing’s Services are intended for use by organizations. If you interact with our Services through an account provided by your organization, the organization typically administers your Services account, and controls and accesses your data, including the contents of files stored on our Services. Boeing is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of organizational customers, which differ from those set forth in this Statement. The types of data processed by our Services include the following:

Customer Data is all data, including traveler profiles, maintenance records, and other text or image files provided to Boeing by you or your organization through use of our Services. Customer Data is used to provide the Services, including compatible related purposes. For example, we use Customer Data to provide a personalized experience, improve service reliability, combat spam or other malware, or improve features and functionality of the Services.  Boeing processes Customer Data under the direction of organizational customers, and has no direct control or ownership of the personal data it processes. The organizations are responsible for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring Customer Data to Boeing for processing purposes.  We will not disclose Customer Data outside of Boeing except as a customer directs, as described here or in relevant agreement(s), as required by law, or in response to legitimate governmental requests. Should law enforcement contact Boeing with a demand for Customer Data, Boeing will attempt to redirect the law enforcement agency to request that data directly from the organizational customer. In support of the above, Boeing provides basic organizational contact information to the third party.


Account Data is information provided to Boeing during sign-up, purchase, or administration of the Services. Account Data includes the names, addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses you provide, as well as aggregated usage information related to your organization’s accounts and administrative data. We use Account Data to provide the Services, complete transactions, service the account, and detect and prevent fraud.  We use Account Data to contact your organization to provide information about accounts, subscriptions, billing, and updates to the Services, including information about new features, security or other technical issues. We also contact your organization regarding government or other third-party inquiries we receive regarding its use of the Services. You or your organization will not be able to unsubscribe from these non-promotional communications. Subject to contact preferences, we also send promotional communications about our products and services. You can manage your contact preferences in your account profile or by contacting your Boeing sales representative.  With limited exceptions, Boeing processes Account Data under the direction of its organizational customers, and has no direct control or ownership of the personal data it processes. The organizations are responsible for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring Account Data to Boeing for processing purposes.  We share Account Data or Payment Data with third parties for purposes of fraud prevention, to process payment transactions, or to enable a requested purchase, subscription, or use of a third-party offering.


Payment Data includes payment instrument number (e.g., credit card), name and billing address, the security code associated with the payment instrument, organizational tax ID, and other financial data. Organizations that make purchases will be asked to provide Payment Data, which we use to complete transactions, as well as to detect and prevent fraud. When you provide Payment Data online, we will store that data to help you complete future transactions.  You can update or remove Payment Data associated with your organization’s account by logging in to individual Services or by contacting customer support. After you close an account or remove Payment Data, however, Boeing will retain that information for as long as reasonably necessary to complete transactions, to comply with Boeing’s legal and reporting requirements, and to detect and prevent fraud.


Support Data is the information we collect when you contact or engage Boeing for support. It includes information you submit in a support request, or about the condition of the device and the app where a fault occurred, including error-tracking files. We use Support Data to resolve your support incident.  In addition to using Support Data to resolve your support incident, we also use it to operate, improve and personalize the products and services we offer. Phone conversations, online chat sessions, or remote troubleshooting sessions with support professionals are recorded and/or monitored. Following a support incident, we typically send you a survey about your experience.


Telemetry Data is the information we collect that tells us how our Services are performing and being used. It includes information about when and how long a Service is used, which features are accessed, and the physical location of devices used to access our Services. It also includes information about hardware, software, and other details gathered related to usage, authentication, diagnostics, errors encountered, or the condition of the device and the Service when an error occurred.  In addition to using Telemetry Data to resolve common incidents related to our Services, we also use it to operate, improve and personalize the Services we offer.

Disclosure of personal information Certain Boeing Services must disclose information to third parties assisting us in processing a transaction requested by you (e.g., credit card service providers). In addition, Boeing hires service providers to perform work on its behalf. Any such service providers will be permitted to obtain data from the Services only to deliver the services Boeing has retained them to provide and will be prohibited from using data for any other purpose. Boeing discloses personal information to these service providers for the purposes identified in Collection and use of personal information, including to send promotional communications to you via email, postal mail, fax, SMS and phone as permitted by local law and subject to your contact preferences. In order to cooperate with legitimate governmental requests, subpoenas, or court orders, to protect Boeing and/or Boeing's systems and customers, to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, or to ensure the integrity and operation of Boeing and/or Boeing's business and systems, Boeing accesses and discloses any information it considers necessary or appropriate under the circumstances.
Location of data processing Personal information that Boeing processes is transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which Boeing or its affiliates or subcontractors maintain facilities. The data protection laws in these countries are different from, and less stringent than, those in your country of residence. We take steps to ensure that the data we collect under this Statement is processed according to the provisions of this Statement and the requirements of applicable law wherever the data is located.
Retention of personal information Boeing stores your personal information for as long as you use the Services, and no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the information was collected, or for which it is legitimately further processed. Thereafter, Boeing retains personal information for a period of time set forth in corporate retention schedules. In the case of organizational Services data, Boeing retains personal information according to the timeframes set forth in relevant customer agreements, or in lieu of an agreement, for as long as a legitimate business purpose exists.
Security of personal information Boeing is committed to helping protect the security of your information. We have implemented and will maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures intended to protect your information against accidental loss, destruction or alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, or unlawful destruction. The Internet, however, cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure the security of any personal information provided to us.
Children’s privacy Boeing does not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information from children, as defined by local law. If you believe that we have collected personal information about a child, please inform us by email so that we can delete the information. Additionally, please use this same email to request removal of content or information that was posted to our Services when the registered user was under the age of 18.
Corporate changes In the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, Boeing is likely to disclose your personal information to the new owners, subject to a requirement that such information be used only in accordance with this Statement.
Contact usWe will provide you with access to your personal information that we hold for any purpose within practical and legal limits. This includes requests that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete the data if Boeing is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes.
If you interact with our Services through an account provided by your organization, that organization typically administers your account, and controls and accesses your data. If your organization is administering your use of our Services, you should direct privacy inquiries to your organizational administrator.
If you have an access, correction, or deletion request, or questions or comments about Boeing privacy practices, please email us or contact us at the mailing address following.
Boeing Global Privacy Office Mail Code 11-503 7755 East Marginal Way S. Seattle, WA 98108
Statement revision From time to time, Boeing will revise this Statement at its discretion. We note the effective date of the Statement below, so you know when it was last updated. Boeing advises you to check back periodically to review the Statement because users of our Services will be prospectively bound by the then-current version of this Statement.
Effective Date: May 1, 2018
Visit previous versions, which have been harmonized into this Statement:

