
Your Privacy
The National Press Club is committed to protecting any personal information you provide in connection with your use of this website, (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect when you visit the Site, how we collect it, how we use it and the steps we take to protect it. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and when we do, we will post the modified policy. We may also provide additional notice for more significant changes to the Privacy Policy. By submitting information to us or continuing to use the Site after we have posted any modifications, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, which are incorporated into and a part of our Terms.
Information Gathered Through the Site
We may track and record certain nonpersonal information of Site users, including IP address, operating system, type of browser, referring URL, and time spent on the Site in order to gain aggregate data that may be analyzed for trends and statistics on how our visitors use the Site. We may use accumulated aggregate non-personal data for several purposes including, but not limited to, Site traffic analysis, evaluation of our services, and program planning. We may also market anonymous, non-identifiable user data that has been collected and processed into aggregate and anonymous statistical profiles to third parties. We may use a third-party website analytics provider to track and record nonpersonal information of Site users and provide reports based on such information to us. Such providers may use that nonpersonal information for their internal purposes.
If we collect personal information at any time, we will use your personal information for the purposes for which you provide it. This includes responding to enquiries and receiving communications from the Club sent through the "Contact Us" form on our site. We will never share the information collected from the Contact Us form with anyone else for any purpose.
Links with Other Sites
The Site contains links to other websites that are owned or controlled by third parties. Please note that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from those of the Site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of any linked website. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of any website you wish to visit before disclosing any information.
Children Under Age 13
We do not knowingly collect any information from children under age thirteen. If you discover that we have collected information from children under age thirteen, please notify us. If a child under age thirteen sends us an email with a question or comment, and we are aware of the child's age, we will write back using that email address but we will not keep the email address or use it again.
Enforcement
If we become aware that the security of the Site is compromised or any nonpublic user information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity or otherwise not in accordance with this Privacy Policy, The National Press Club will take reasonable measures that it deems appropriate (which may include an internal investigation and reporting, notifying the user, and notifying and cooperating with law enforcement authorities).
Security
We will use reasonable efforts to safeguard any personal information that you provide through the Site. Nevertheless, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Location of Servers and Transfer of Information
Our servers are located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using our Site or providing your personal information to us, you consent to this transfer and to the collection, storage, processing and use of your personal information in the United States. In addition, our service providers may not be located in your geographic area in the United States. By providing your personal information on the Site, you also consent to the transfer of your data to these service providers.

