

Jafza Privacy Policy
Our commitment
Jafza is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information. We recognize our obligation to keep sensitive information secure and have created this privacy and security statement to share and explain the current information management practices on this website.
The handling of all personal information by Jafza is governed by the UAE and Dubai privacy and security acts. We are committed to protecting your privacy whether you are browsing for information or conducting business with Jafza electronically.
Collection and use of online information
When you visit our websites, we do not collect your personal information unless you choose to use and receive online products and services that require it.
Collection of IP address
Our web server automatically collects your IP address when you visit our site (your IP address is your computer’s unique address that lets other computers attached to the Internet know where to send data, but does not identify you individually). We use your IP address to compile statistics on site usage through third party service providers, such as Google, and help diagnose problems with our server, if needed.
Use of cookies
Some sections of this website may uses cookies. Cookies are generally used to make it more convenient for users to move around our websites. If you choose, they may be used to “remember” your password and make it easier and faster to login to certain areas when you visit the site again. These types of cookies need to be stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies used by the Jafza are encrypted to make the information in cookies unreadable to anyone except the Jafza webserver, with which you are dealing.
Protection of personal information
Your personal information is available only to the Jafza employees who have a need to know it. It will not be available for public inspection without your consent. Also, no website user information will be shared, sold or transferred to any third party without your prior consent. Access is given only to those qualified professionals who provide Jafza services consistent with your interactions with our website.
External links
Our websites links to other websites created and maintained by other public and/or private sector organizations. We provide these links solely for your information and convenience. When you link to an outside website, you are leaving the Jafza website and our information management policies no longer apply.


 