


			Privacy		

The Parliament of Victoria recognises that privacy is a major concern of visitors to this site. We make some use of data that only indirectly identifies users. We take great care with practices that affect personal privacy.
Email
We will only record your e-mail address if you send us a message. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. The Parliament is not responsible for the privacy practice or the content of such web sites.
Forms
If you use forms on the site to provide information (eg signing an epetition), the information is not retained on the public web server, and will not be used for purposes other than for which it was provided.
Web Statistics Data Collection
Our server automatically makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:• the user's IP address • the date and time of the visit to the site, • the pages accessed • documents downloaded • the previous site visited and • the type of browser used and• cookies sent by the browser.
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the service provider's logs.
Google Analytics Privacy Statement
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on Google's servers.  Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.  Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.


		Last Updated: Friday, 12 March 2010 15:38		


