


			Privacy		

PRIVACY STATEMENT 
The Parliament of Victoria recognises that privacy is a major concern of visitors to this site. We make some use of data that only indirectly identifies users. We take great care with practices that affect personal privacy.
Email
We will only record your e-mail address if you send us a message. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list without your permission.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. The Parliament is not responsible for the privacy practice or the content of such web sites.
E-Petitions
The collection, storage and use of personal information provided in the e-petitioning process in Victoria is governed by Standing Orders approved by the Legislative Council. 
For a Principal Petitioner, the Legislative Council require that the person’s full name and e-mail address is provided and it will published on the website against the e-petition. Parliament has no control of who will use this email address or how it will be used. The personal details of people who join (or “sign”) e-petitions will not be published on the website.
The Standing Orders require people who join an e-petition to provide their name and Victorian residential address. Prior to tabling, access to this information is restricted parliamentary officers for the purpose of administering the e-petition or operating the e-petition service.
Copies of all tabled petitions, both paper and e-petitions, can be provided on request to the Legislative Council Table Office. A tabled petition, including paper and e-petitions, will contain the name and full address of all people who have signed the petition.  
Principal Petitioners may be contacted by Parliament to provide feedback on the e-petitions process. 
Web Statistics Data Collection
Our server automatically records information relating to your use of the system. This information may include, but is not limited to things like IP address, date and time of the visit, pages or documents accessed during the visit and other browser related information such cookies and the type of browser used.
The information collected will only be used for the purposes of operating, maintaining and improving the e-petitions or other Parliamentary electronic services or as otherwise required by law.
Google Analytics Privacy Statement
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on Google's servers.  Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.  Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 


		Last Updated: Friday, 29 June 2018 10:25		


