We and our third party service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways.  We and/or our third party partners may employ various tracking technologies, such as cookies, web beacons and analytics software, that help us better manage content on our Service by informing us what content is effective. 
 Cookies
    When you visit our website or otherwise interact with the Service we (or third party data or ad networks we work with) may send one or more “cookies” to your computer or other devices. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers stored on your computer through your web browser and are used by most websites to help personalize your web experience. Some cookies may facilitate additional site features for enhanced performance and functionality such as remembering preferences, allowing social interactions, analyzing usage for site optimization, providing custom content, allowing third parties to provide social sharing tools, and serving images or videos from third party websites. Some features on this site will not function if you do not allow cookies. We may link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while on our site. 
    We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interest of our users to enhance the experience on our site. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site.  You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html.  If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but some features on the site will not function properly.
 Functional cookies, persistent and session type, store information to enable core site functionality, such as Live Chat and Client ID remembrance.
 Analytics cookies allow us to count page visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site and our marketing campaigns. 
 Advertising cookies may be set through our website by our advertising partners. Data may be collected by these companies that enable them to serve up advertisements on other sites that are relevant to your interests. 
 Web Beacons
    We (or third party data or ad networks we work with) may use Web Beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about our Service, or other information we or they have collected. Web Beacons are tiny graphic objects that are embedded in a web page or email and are usually invisible to the user but allow checking that a user has viewed the page or email. Web Beacons may be used within the Service to track email open rates, web page visits or form submissions. In some cases, we tie the information gathered by Web Beacons to our Subscribers’ and End Users’ Personal Information. For example, we use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
 Flash and HTML5 Storage
    We use Local Shared Objects, such as Flash cookies, AND/OR Local Storage, such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use Flash cookies or HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. To manage Flash cookies, please click here.
 Do Not Track Signals
    At this time we do not respond to browser ‘do not track’ signals.   
Analytics Software
    We and our third party tracking-utility partners use log files on our Service to gather certain information automatically and store it for analytical purposes. This information includes internet protocol (“IP”) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.  We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Service and report on activities and trends.  This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources.  You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. 
    We use this information to track and aggregate Other Information to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movements around the Service and to gather demographic information about our user base as a in the aggregate.
 Advertising Networks
    We may partner with third party data or ad network(s) and other service providers to show you relevant ads, including ads displayed on the Service and on other companies’ websites or apps, on any of your devices. We and our service providers may use cookies and web beacons to deploy and read cookie identifiers and Mobile Ad IDs, associated with your activities on the Service, third party web sites, mobile apps or other information we collect, to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. They may also use these technologies, along with activity information they collect, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile device and a laptop or other computer. These ad networks and their customers may also use any of this information to measure ad performance, understand their (or our) audience, or otherwise improve and enhance their marketing.
Similarly, we or a third party data partner may associate cookies with hashed (non-human readable) versions of your registration data (e.g., your email address), along with other interest-based or demographic data. You can learn more about or opt out of this type of advertising through the links in the following paragraph.
Mobile Opt Out:  You can opt out of having your Mobile Ad IDs used for interest-based mobile advertising by accessing the settings on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows:

Apple Devices: If you have an Apple device, you can opt out of most cross-app advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher and setting Limit Ad Tracking to ‘ON.’ You can do this by clicking on Settings  > General  > About  > Advertising, and toggling Limit Ad Tracking to ‘ON.’
Android Devices: If you have an Android device, you can opt out of most cross-app advertising by clicking on Google Settings > Ads, and selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads.

Please note that these platforms control how these settings work, so the above instructions may change. Likewise, if your device uses other platforms not described above, please check the settings for those devices.
Web-Based Opt Out: If you wish to opt-out of many of the ad platforms that serve or support interest-based advertising (or learn more about this type of advertising), go to http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp, http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ to opt out in desktop and mobile web browsers.  You may download the AppChoices app at www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in mobile apps.  For individuals in the EU, please also visit http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.  Please note that opting out does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.
 Social Media Features and Widgets
    The Service includes social media features such as the Facebook Like button, and widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Website. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.  Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
