

                    
                    Data Protection and Privacy Statement
                
This website is provided by the Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the University of Cambridge acting through its departments University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate (also known as Cambridge Assessment) and Cambridge Assessment English, based at 1 Hills Road, Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, CB1 2EU, United Kingdom. Cambridge Assessment English offers and provides teaching and examination services and related information. We are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of information provided by those parties ("Users") who access our website at www.cambridgeenglish.org and sites provided for use by staff in Cambridge English centres (" the Site") and we uphold the relevant data protection principles and process all personal data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.

1 Collection of personal information
1.1 In order for Users to use some of our online services and to gain the full benefits of such services we need to collect and process various personal data. Prior to accessing the areas of our Site which require you to enter a password, Users may be asked to complete an online form(s) which requests personal data about Users, such as their name, address, email address, telephone and fax numbers.
2 Processing of data
2.1 The personal data we collect is used to process your request for our services, to provide such services, and to keep records of those who use our services so that we can contact Users in the event that any other relevant product or service becomes available and inform Users of other Cambridge Assessment English services that may be of interest to them.
3 Disclosure of information to third parties
3.1 We will use our reasonable endeavours not to disclose Users' information to any other third parties, unless we are required to do so by law or any court order, unless a User consents to such disclosure.
4 Security
4.1 This Site and our computer systems have security measures in place with the aim of protecting the loss, misuse or alteration of the information Users provide to us.
5 Modifying/removing your personal information
5.1 Users may change their registered details in any way or request that their personal data is removed from our systems by writing to us at the address below or by using the online enquiry form.
6 Comments/questions
Any comments or questions about our Data Protection and Privacy Statement may be sent to us by contacting the Helpdesk team or writing to us at the above address.
7 Changes to this statement
7.1 We will notify Users of changes to this Data Protection and Privacy Statement by displaying them on this webpage.
8 Cookies
We may use cookies on this site. This enables us to personalise your experience of our site by recording details about use of the site as a file on your computer. You can disable the use of cookies but this may limit the functionality of web pages on our site, or your access to our site. For further information about how Cambridge Assessment English uses cookies, visit http://www.cambridgeassessment.org.uk/footer/privacy-settings.

