Confidentiality Montessori Training is committed to safeguarding your privacy on-line. All communications between our clients and our office are held in strictest confidence. Information provided to us by our customers and website visitors is treated as confidential, and is not sold to third parties for any reason. We respect your right to privacy. Therefore, we only collect personal information when it is necessary to properly meet your needs. Your personal information is never shared with outside commercial sources. Personal information (such as your name, address, phone number and email address) may be collected under the following circumstances:  You are contacting our center by telephone,email, fax, text, social media (i.e. Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest, Blogsite, YouTube), to request information about our programs; You are enrolling in our programs; and/or; You are ordering our curriculum materials; and/or; You are entering one of our contests or receiving a free promotional or resource item. You are signing up to receive news, updates, and emails regarding activities and developments at NAMC  In addition to collecting your personal information, when you enroll in one of our programs or order curriculum materials, collection of your credit card information is required to process payment. At this point in your enrollment/order, you will be redirected to a secure server if using the on-line enroll/order platform. All credit card and related personal information provided to us by our clients is strictly confidential and is used only for the purpose of collecting funds as designated by the client. In the event that fraudulent or stolen credit card information is presented to us, we will comply with all applicable laws, law enforcement agencies and concerned financial institutions as required. In the on-line environment, a pop-up window will notify you that you have entered the secure server and that is safe to enter your payment information. Access to Information You have the right to request access to the personal information we have on file for you. Any corrections to your personal information can be made by telephone, in writing, by email or mail, and submitted to the address below. Privacy Policy Montessori Training does not “harvest” or send unsolicited commercial bulk email (spam). We are vigorously anti-spam. Our newsletter and customer lists are not shared or sold. All email correspondence is accompanied by an unsubscribe option. We do not sell our customers' or subscribers' email addresses, personal, or business information to anyone for any reason whatsoever. Website surveys or feedback form responses may be posted from time to time and are provided to us by our visitors for our benefit; this information is not sold to any third party for any reason. Our web hosting company collects and stores only the following information about our website visitors: the numerical IP address or domain name from which they access the Internet; the date and time our site is accessed; the pages you visited and whether they successfully downloaded to your browser; and sometimes the Internet address of the website from which you may have accessed our website (such as Google.com). We use this information only to understand how many visitors we get and how visitors use our website so that we can improve our website. We do not sell this information to anyone for any reason. Visiting our website will not impart other personally-identifying information to us, unless you choose to provide such information to us. This policy may change without prior notice. If you have questions about our Privacy and Confidentiality Policies, please contact us: Email: info@montessoritraining.net Telephone:
Toll-free (USA& Canada): 1.877.531.6665
International calls: 1.604.576.6621
Fax: 604.576.6638 Mail: 
NAMC
#6 – 17675 66 Avenue
Surrey, BC, V3S 7X1
Canada

