We are committed to fulfilling our obligations under the Privacy and Data Protection Act 2014 (Act) to protect your right to privacy when using this website and providing us with personal information. In particular, we will comply with the Information Privacy Principles contained in the Act.
This Privacy Statement sets out how we generally collect and manage personal information via this website, and the steps we take to protect it.
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully before using this website. By using this website or any facilities or services made available on or through this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Privacy Statement and that you consent to the collection and use by us of your personal information according to the terms below.
How and why we collect information
In the course of providing services to the community, whether through this website or off-line, we collect personal information in a variety of ways. For example, personal information is collected when you:
make a payment to us
enquire about the services we provide
apply for a permit
apply for a job with us
supply goods or services to us.
Typical information we collect is your name, email address, home address and phone number. Depending on the purpose for which the information is being collected, we may ask for other details or information.
Information you provide
When using this website, you will usually provide your personal information directly to us, for a specific purpose.
For example, when you make an enquiry about our services or request to be placed on a mailing list through this website, we collect your contact details so we can provide you with the information or advice you requested.
When you apply for a job with us, we collect information about your qualifications and we may ask you to undertake certain tests as part of our recruitment processes.
We may also collect aggregate information which tells us about visitors to this website, but not the identity of those visitors. For example, we may collect information about the dates, times and durations of visits and which pages of this website are most commonly visited. The purpose of collecting this aggregate information is to help us administer and improve the website. That aggregate information does not contain any personal information and you cannot be identified from it.
How we use and disclose the information we collect
We use and disclose personal information primarily for the purpose for which it was collected. As most of our information is collected from you directly, you will normally be aware of the purpose of the collection and when and for what purpose your information may be used or disclosed.
If you do not provide personal information to us when we request it, we may not be able to provide you with access to and use of this website, our services or a response to your enquiry.
Use and disclosure of the information for a secondary purpose
We may sometimes use or disclose the personal information we collect for a secondary purpose, that is, for a purpose other than the purpose that was originally intended and advised to you. We will only do this where:
you have consented to the use or disclosure for that secondary purpose
the secondary purpose is related to the primary purpose for which we collected your personal information and you would reasonably expect us to use or disclose it in such a way
we are permitted or required by law, or it is in the interests of public safety, to do so.
Otherwise, we will not disclose personal information we collect about you to any third parties without your prior consent. We will never sell any personal information we collect about you.
How we protect our information collection
We have implemented technology and security measures to protect the personal information that we collect and we will take all reasonable steps to ensure the security of that personal information. This involves protecting it from:
unauthorised access
improper use
alteration
unlawful or accidental destruction
accidental loss.
In addition, your personal information is only kept while it is required for the purpose for which it was collected or for a permitted secondary purpose, unless we are required by law to retain it for a longer period.
Cookies
Like many websites, this website may use cookies, or similar mechanisms, to improve our understanding of website traffic, visitor behaviour and responses to promotional campaigns. These are used to supplement our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement. Information collected through the use of cookies on this website does not contain any personal information and you cannot be identified from it.
Access and correction
Subject to some exceptions that are set out in the Information Privacy Principles, you may access any personal information we have about you. To do so, please contact us via the details under paragraph 9 below and we will respond to your request within 45 days.
If you believe that your personal information is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, you may write to us and request that we correct the information. Your request will be dealt with in accordance with the Act. If your request is refused, you may ask us to store a statement that the information is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated with your personal information.
Complaints
Although there is no obligation to do so, we encourage individuals to send written complaints directly to us about a breach, or perceived breach, of privacy in the first instance.
Alternatively, complaints can be directed to the Commissioner for Privacy and Data Protection, although that complaint can be declined if you have not first complained directly to us.
The Commissioner for Privacy and Data Protection can be contacted as follows:
Address: Commissioner for Privacy and Data Protection, PO Box 24014, MELBOURNE VIC 3001
Telephone: 1300 666 444
Email: [email protected]
Further information:
In the first instance, all enquiries concerning your personal information and privacy should be addressed to Council’s Coordinator Governance.
The Coordinator Governance can be contacted on 03 9278 4471 or via email at [email protected].
More information about our privacy obligations can be found in our Information Privacy Policy.