  Note that if you choose not to receive tailored ads, you will still see online advertisements, but they will be more general and less relevant to you. Data collected by business partners and ad networks to serve you with relevant advertising. The advertisements you see on this website are served by us or by our service providers. But we also allow third parties to collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies. These third parties include (1) business partners, who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on our sites; and (2) advertising networks, which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements they place on many different websites on the Internet. The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your characteristics, interests or preferences and to display advertisements on our sites and across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests. We do not permit these third parties to collect personal information about you (such as email address) on our site, nor do we share with them any personal information about you. Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies these third parties may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies. To learn more, please click here, here and here . Data collected by companies that operate cookie-based exchanges to serve you with relevant advertising. Like other companies operating online, we participate in cookie-based exchanges where anonymous information is collected about your browsing behaviour through cookies and other technologies and segmented into different topics of interest (such as travel). These topics of interest are then shared with third parties, including advertisers and ad networks, so they can tailor advertisements to your apparent interests. We do not share personal information (such as your email address) with these companies and we do not permit these companies to collect any such information about you on our site. Please click here to learn more about cookie-based exchanges, including how to access information about the topics of interest associated with cookies on your computer and how to decline participation in these programs. Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms. Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites with which the browser communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization that is addressing this issue are in the process of determining what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals. We currently do not take action in response to these signals. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.   Changes to This Notice and How to Contact Us Updates to this Privacy Policy Changes to this Privacy Policy will be made when required in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws. You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about changes to this Privacy Policy, please contact us through the Customer Services Portal or the contact details found below.   