
 
 
Dear Visitor,
 
Welcome to the official website of the Immigration and Asylum Office (hereinafter referred to as ’Office’).  This webpage includes all important information on privacy – in accordance with Law CXII of Year 2011 on the right to informational self-determination and freedom of information – with regard to our website.
Please note that certain personal data are collected during your visit to the website.
In the context of maintaining internet connection, technical details of the computer, web browser and IP address you are using are automatically generated in our IT system. Additionally, our Office stores data which you provide when contacting us via email. Such data includes name, email address and other contact information provided by you.
The purpose of data processing is to identify and distinguish users, to identify current user sessions, to store data provided during the session, to prevent data loss and to ensure possibility for conducting web analytics.
Processing of your personal data is proportionate to the extent necessitated for using the services of the website and is conducted in full compliance with the legal provisions in force.
Office staff has access to the data processed in the context of visiting the website solely for the performance of their duties, and to the extent necessitated for ensuring the service you requested, answering your inquiries and addressing your observations. 
Data, which are processed by the Office as a result of visiting the website, shall not be transferred to third parties - except for requests, set out in the law, from an authority with specified and explicit purposes - by the Office.
The Office shall make all reasonable security steps in accordance with the current technical and legal expectations to protect your personal information.
 
You may lodge a complaint in relation to data processing:
Post: 1903 Budapest, Pf. 314.
Phone: (+36 1) 463 9118
Email: 
 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 
  
