
	1 About this policy
This website privacy and cookie policy aims to help you to understand what information Epilepsy Society might collect about you through our website and how we use it. This privacy and cookie policy statement applies solely to information collected through www.epilepsysociety.org.uk

	2 About Epilepsy Society
2.1 This website is owned and operated by Epilepsy Society (a Registered Charity No. 206186 and a Company Limited by Guarantee No. 492761) ("Epilepsy Society"). 
2.2 Our registered office is at Chesham Lane, Chalfont St. Peter, Buckinghamshire SL9 0RJ.  You can contact us at this address, by telephone on 01494 601 300 or by sending an email to enquiries@epilepsysociety.org.uk.
2.3 We are supported in a number of areas of our work by educational grants from pharmaceutical companies. We do not promote any of the drugs manufactured by those or any other pharmaceutical companies.
2.4 When we refer to ‘we’ or ‘our’ we are referring to Epilepsy Society.  When we refer to ‘this website’ we are referring to www.epilepsysociety.org.uk.

	3 Information we collect
3.1 When you participate in, access or sign up to an Epilepsy Society service we may receive personal information about you.  This includes when you:

		sign up for our e-newsletter

		contact us through an online form or by email

		register on the epilepsy forum

		carry out a transaction through our online shop

		make a donation

		join through our membership form

		complete a survey
3.2 The personal information you provide may include your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, mobile number or date of birth.
3.3 By submitting your details, you enable us (or a third party, where applicable) to provide you with the service you have requested.
3.4 Epilepsy Society also uses cookies (see section 7 below for details) and collects IP addresses of visitors to this website.  We also collect statistics on website visits both at web server level and using Google Analytics.

	4  How we use the information we collect
We will use your personal information in the following ways:

		To ensure that content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer

		To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes

		To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us (eg to fulfil an online shop order)

		To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so

		To notify you about changes to our service or to provide you with password reminders (‘service administration’ purposes)

		To analyse and improve our website

To identify the location of users, to block disruptive use and to establish the number of visits from different countries (by using IP addresses).


	5  Personal information and the Data Protection Act
Any personal information you submit through this website is covered by the Data Protection Act 1998 and will be kept in accordance with this Act. We do not share email addresses or other contact details with any other organisations without your consent.

	6  Personal information on the Forum
Please be aware that the Forum is a public message board which can be viewed by the general public.  Any personal information that you disclose on the Forum will be available for the general public to read – it is strongly recommended that you do not post personal details or sensitive personal data on the Forum.

	7  Cookies

	7.1 What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file of letters and numbers that a website’s server saves to your computer.
Cookies provide useful information that can help in many ways, for example:

		They mean you can use a site more efficiently and save time by not having to re-enter your full login details or preferences each time you visit.

		They can make sure you receive the most relevant information and advertising from the site.

		Cookies can help analyse how visitors interact with a site so that it can be improved.
You can find out more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.

	7.2 Epilepsy Society website cookies
This website uses a small number of cookies. Some of these cookies are strictly necessary cookies, meaning they are essential enabling you to move around the website and use its features.  Some of the cookies are functionality cookies, which remember choices you make to improve your experience.  Some of the cookies are performance cookies, which allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they’re using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily.
Some of the cookies we use are session cookies and others are persistent cookies. A session cookie only lasts for the duration of your visit to the website. A web browser normally deletes session cookies when the browser is closed. A persistent cookie will outlast your visit. For example, these cookies could be used to record a vital piece of information such as your preferences.
None of the cookies we use collect personal data about our website visitors.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your computer. 
For more information on the cookies we use on this website, please see our information on first party cookies and third party cookies.

	7.3  How to reject cookies
If you do not want information to be collected through the use of cookies you can access the option, available in most browsers, to accept or reject the cookie feature. Please see the About Cookies website for information on how to do this.
Most of the website will work without cookies but please note that cookies may be necessary to provide you with access to certain parts of this website or to certain features available on our website (for example, your membership area username will not be remembered if you reject cookies). 
You can also opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing a browser plug-in from Google. 
