KU Commitment to Privacy
The University of Kansas is committed to safeguarding all Private Information entrusted to the University by the public and members of the KU community. This notice describes the University’s general privacy policy as it relates to the collection, protection and disclosure of such information. (Note: see the “Definitions” section below for the definition of “Private Information.”)
Collection and Protection of Information
Information may be collected in a variety of ways, paper or electronic, including but not limited to, Web sites, surveys, email, information requests, databases, etc., as required to support University activities.
Information collected, regardless of the method of collection or format, may be used only to carry out the authorized business of the University. The University shall make reasonable efforts to limit the Private Information it collects to only that information strictly relevant to accomplish a clearly defined institutional purpose.
Every unit is responsible for maintaining the necessary confidentiality, integrity and availability of the information it handles. Every unit is responsible for granting to assigned individuals within the unit the reasonable, minimum access to Private Information needed to accomplish the necessary institutional purposes. All University employees are required to abide by state and federal laws and University policies, procedures and guidelines regarding the handling and protection of Private Information.
Employees who become aware of a breach of the privacy or security of Private Information must report such breach immediately to the Information Services Customer Service Center at 864-8080. The Information Services Customer Service Center will notify the Office of the General Counsel and/or the KU IT Security Officer as required by the particular incident.
Additional University policies, procedures and guidelines apply to specific types of information. Further, individuals for whom the University collects, maintains, or processes their personal data are directed to review the supplementary Privacy Notice, provided here in accordance with European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) available at this link: https://policy.ku.edu/general-counsel/data-protection-privacy-notice
Disclosure of Information
Private Information may be disclosed only to the extent that is permitted or required by law. Disclosure must comply with applicable requirements regarding consent or authorization for disclosure.
Legally Mandated Disclosure of Information
The University may be required to release information, including Private Information, where required by state or federal law or upon receipt of a subpoena, search warrant or other court order.
KU Employee Privacy When Using University Resources
The University supports a climate of trust and respect. The University does not ordinarily read, monitor or screen employees’ routine use of information resources, except as necessary to maintain quality of service, to investigate a breach of security or misuse of University information resources or where required by law.
For additional information about the appropriate use of University resources, refer to the Acceptable Use Policy.
