Ofertomat.bg takes the privacy of your personal data very seriously. We want you to feel safe when visiting our website. We explain here what data we collect and how we use it.
Data Collection and Logging Details of each visit to the Internet pages of Ofertomat.bg and each download are stored in a log file with the following data:
IP address (identifier for Internet-enabled devices)
Referrer (website visited immediately beforehand)
Browser ID (browser name including the version)
Operating system used 
In the interests of data security, we register the access to our sites to ensure the stability and operational reliability of our system and protect Ofertomat.bg from potential attacks from outside. We also analyze the data statistically. The data in the log file contains no direct references to individuals; it is only used for internal purposes. It is not shared with third parties. The data is not used to personally identify visitors to our websites. It is not merged with other data either. The technical administration of the webpages and the anonymous statistical surveys allow us to analyze access to the Ofertomat.bg pages and this is used to optimize the website (see below). Personal Data
Of course, you can always use the services of Ofertomat.bg without disclosing your personal data. Personal data is data that could be used to establish your identity – for example, your name, email address or country.
However, we do require personal information in individual case s (for example, competitions, when sending newsletters or on blogs or communities). In these cases, we explicitly communicate this to you and ask for your basic consent to collect and process your personal data. For more on this, please see our terms of use. Any collection, processing and use of personal data only takes place for the purpose specified in each case. We treat this data confidentially, store it on secure servers and do not disclose it to third parties or use it for any other purposes.
You have the right to withdraw your consent for the future at any time. If you have any questions about this, please contact Ofertomat.bg
Your Rights (Withdrawal of Consent, Information, Amendment and Deletion)
Your data is only used for the purpose intended and will not be sold to any third party. You have the right to revoke your consent at any time. You may send this request through the contact details on this website. However, if you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to make personalized use of the content.
You have the right to request information about the data stored by Ofertomat.bg (e.g. your name, address etc.). In accordance with the statutory provisions, you also have the right t o amend and delete your personal data. You may send this request through the contact details on this website. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard drive temporarily. We sometimes use cookies at Ofertomat.bg for technical reasons, but we cannot point this out in each case. If so, your IP address is saved. 
Cookies do not store any personal information. They are used to collect anonymous aggregate statistics on the use of the website by visitors. Cookies help us to gauge how well our websites are working. This data allows us to tailor our content better so that you can gain more from your visit.
If you do not want us to recognize your computer again, you can set your browser to deactivate the storage of cookies or notify you as soon as a cookie is sent.
Ofertomat.bg can also be used without cookies.
The lifespan of a cookie is 365 days. The default lifespan of a post-click cookie (which is needed to track data after the first click) is 20 days. 
Internet Services & Social Networks
Ofertomat.bg is constantly testing new services to support the circulation of content in a manner that is both suitable for the Internet and consistent with the latest standards. These include curation services like Facebook, Google Plus, Twitter and YouTube.
For example, our web pages also integrate content that providers such as YouTube have on their own servers (a feature also known as “embedding"). If you call up a website with content from another provider on one of our webpages, that provider will obtain the IP address of the device that you are using to go online. However, it is not able to draw any personal conclusions about you from your IP address, but it knows, for example, where you are located geographically. Moreover, these providers can also place cookies on your device and use them to log your surfing habits.
Another example: we integrate referral buttons (also called “social plugins”) from social networks in our content.
Contact Form, Confidentiality of Emails
We provide a contact form in many places in Ofertomat.bg content. We only use your data for the purpose stated in each case. If we wish to use it for other purposes too, we explicitly indicate this and ask for your consent. If you send us an email, please be aware of the following: we cannot guarantee that an unencrypted e-mail sent to us via the Internet is confidential. Contacts:
ОфертоматБГ ЕООД
Адрес: 1407 София
ул. Златен рог 16 , ет 2
Работно време:
Понеделник до Петък - 9:30 до 17:30 ч.
Тел. + 359 885 916 588
Е-mail: info@ofertomat.bg 