To implement purchases in Applications MOVAVI uses services of third parties.
            
            Some types of third parties with whom we share your data are:
            IT companies: Movavi works with businesses that support our website and other business systems.Marketing companies: we work with marketing companies that help us manage our electronic communications with you or carry out surveys and product reviews on our behalf.Payment processing: Movavi works with trusted third party payment processing providers in order to securely take and manage payments.Here is the list of third-party companies we are cooperating with for business purposes:MailChimp
              We use Mailchimp for newsletter and marketing emails. Through Mailchimp, we track emails, including who opens the emails and who clicks on which link.Google Ads & Google Merchant Center
              We use the services of Google Ads and Google Merchant Center to draw attention to our offers by means of advertising materials and advertising campaigns on external websites. In relation to the advertising campaign data, we can determine how successful the individual advertising measures are. We pursue thereby the interest to show you advertisement, which is of interest for you, to arrange our Website for you more interestingly and to reach a fair calculation of advertising costs.Yandex.Direct
              We use Yandex.Direct to display content and search-based ads. This helps us show you advertisements of our products and services which are of interest to you, when searching Yandex and browsing other websites.Yandex.Metrica
              We use Yandex.Metrica to help us improve the usefulness of the site. It collects standard Internet log info and movement on the website in an anonymous form. This information is used to give us a better understanding of how people use our website.Yahoo Gemini
              We use Yahoo Gemini to place digital advertisements on Yahoo in order to provide up-to-date information to our previous visitors.Google Analytics
              Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie is be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
              
              Google Analytics help us understand the use of our site by our visitors. Because Google Analytics require cookies to function, users who wish to avoid tracking by Google Analytics while on our website can disable cookies in their browser. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.BigQuery
              In addition to Google Analytics, we use BigQuery to collect unsampled data from Google Analytics and process it in compliance with our Privacy Policy.AppsFlyer
              Our mobile applications are analyzed with technologies from AppsFlyer Inc. Various session and interaction data are collected from you and stored for this purpose. We need this information to improve the content and usability of our applications and to optimize the user experience for you. The session and interaction data are at no time processed in personalized form, but under a pseudonym.Fabric
              We use Fabric as a crash reporting service on our mobile applications. It is used to collect information about the devices that you use and your use of our applications (for example the timestamp of when you launched the application and when the crash occurred) which enables us to diagnose and resolve problems. It helps us to further enhance your user experience and to improve the stability of mobile applications. If you do however wish to opt out of data collection via Fabric, you can do so via the application settings in our mobile applications.OneSignal
              We use OneSignal to deliver personalized notifications to the end users of our mobile applications.Amplitude
              We use a third-party tool of Amplitude, Inc, to collect and analyze how you use our mobile applications. Amplitude is an analytic software tool, which helps us improve our Service by better understanding the user’s behavior.2Checkout
              Movavi uses 2Checkout (www.2checkout.com) for processing of secured payments for purchases made on the website. The entire purchase process is managed by 2Checkout, who acts as Movavi’s authorized merchant and reseller. When you enter your credit card and billing information on the website, personal Information is transferred securely to 2Checkout. By making a purchase on the website via 2Checkout, you authorize Movavi to use 2Checkout to process your transactions and to transfer personal information to them, but only to the extent needed to complete the transaction and manage your purchases.
              
              No credit card information is ever stored on servers controlled by us. 2Checkout has our permission to store, on our behalf, the data pertaining to the executed transactions by customers of the website (including credit card information) with the goal of ensuring a secure method of payment and proof of purchase archive, allowing for the protection of our customers, and for follow-up as needed. This transactional data may be used for validation and registration purposes of our customers, and to trace any fraudulent activities if necessary.Cleverbridge
              We also use Cleverbridge as a reserve 3rd party payment gateway. The personal data related policy is the same as with our main gateway (2Checkout).Google AdSense
              We use Google AdSense to provide advertisements to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users can opt out of this by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy and adjusting their preferences.Google Optimize
              We use Google Optimize cookies, to test and analyse how audiences interact with our website. We do this to make informed decisions about how to provide a better experience for our visitors.Hotjar
              Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand user experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don't like, etc.) and enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users' behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.SurveyMonkey
              We use SurveyMonkey, Inc. to collect some survey and questionnaire data.If you prefer that we not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, please contact us by email: userfeedback@movavi.com.