
Privacy Policy
This policy covers our use of personal information that we collect when you use blackfire.eu. The policy also gives you information about cookies; and our and third parties' use of cookies.
By entering your details in the fields requested, you enable us and our service providers to provide you with the services you select. Whenever you provide such personal information, we will treat that information in accordance with this policy. When using your personal information we will act in accordance with current legislation and aim to meet current Internet best practice.
Visitor Information
During the course of any visit to blackfire.eu, the pages you see, along with a short text file called a 'cookie', are downloaded to your computer. Many websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the computer (and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website's computer and stored on your computer's hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
Many sites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows.
Cookies record information about your online preferences. Users have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these, of course, means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user user and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the blackfire.eu features. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Use and storage of your personal information
When you supply any personal information to blackfire.eu we have legal obligations towards you in the way we use those data. We must collect the information fairly, that is, we must explain how we will use it (see the notices on particular webpages that let you know why we are requesting the information) and tell you if we want to pass the information on to anyone else.
In general, any information you provide to us will only be used by us and by our service providers. Your information will be disclosed where we are obliged or permitted by law. Also, if you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to blackfire.eu or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour, we can use whatever information that is available to it about you to stop such behaviour. This may involve informing relevant third parties such as your employer, school e-mail/Internet provider and law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as you use the service you have requested, and remove it in the event that the purpose has been met, or, in the case of blackfire.eu membership you no longer wish to continue your registration as our member. For safety reasons, however, we may store messaging transcript data (including message content, member names, times and dates) arising from the use of our services for a period of six months. We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
We will not contact you for promotional purposes, such as notifying you of improvements to the service or new services on blackfire.eu unless you specifically agree to be contacted for such purposes at the time you submit your information on the site, or at a later time if you sign up specifically to receive such promotional information.
Access to your personal information
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. Please address requests to us directly. 
