
This website is operated by ADC Blackfire GmbH, Harkortstraße 34, 40880 Ratingen. This statement describes the processing of personal data in connection with this website.
1. Which data are processed
When you visit our website, the following information is collected: the date and the time of access to a page of this website, the IP address, name and version of the web browser, the website (URL) you visited prior to this one, certain cookies (see item 2 below) and information that the user himself provides, e.g. by filling in the contact form.
You are not obliged to provide the data requested by our website. If you do not, you will not be able to benefit from all of the website's functions.
2. Cookies
This website uses cookies. A cookie is a small file that can be stored on a computer when the website is accessed. Cookies are usually used for providing additional functions on a website. For example, they can be used to facilitate website navigation, to allow for later use at the point the site was left, and/or save the preferences and settings when the website is visited again. Cookies cannot access other data on a computer.
Most of the cookies on this website are session cookies. They are automatically deleted when you leave the website. Permanent cookies remain on a computer until deleted using the browser options. Permanent cookies are used to recognize a returning user.
In order to monitor cookies on a computer, browser settings can be made in a way that a message is displayed when a website tries to save cookies. Cookies already saved on a computer can also be blocked or deleted. To obtain more information on how to take these measures, please refer to your browser's help section.
Please note that blocking or deleting cookies may impair the online experience and prevent the user from fully using the website.
3. Purpose of data processing
Data are processed for the following purposes:


to provide the website and to improve it further and develop it;
to generate usage statistics;
to identify, prevent and investigate attacks on the website;
to create user accounts;
to answer enquiries.

4. Legal basis for processing
If the controller seeks the data subject's consent for collecting personal data for processing, Article 6(1)(a) EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as a legal basis for processing personal data. Processing necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party is governed by Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. This also applies to processing activities to take steps prior to entering into a contract. Processing necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which our firm is subject is governed by Article 6(1)(c) GDPR. Processing necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person is governed by Article 6(1)(d) GDPR. Processing necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our firm or by a third party where such interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not override the interest mentioned first is governed by Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
5. Storage periods
The personal data of the data subject are erased or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage has been served. Storage can furthermore be made when prescribed by the European or national legislator through EU regulations, laws and other provisions the controller is subject to. Data are also blocked or erased when a storage period prescribed by the mentioned provisions expires, unless further storage is necessary for making or performing a contract.
6. Rights in connection with personal data
Under applicable laws, the data subjects are entitled to, inter alia, (i) verify if and what personal data are stored about them and receive copies of these data, (ii) demand rectification, amendment or erasure of their personal data which are false or not processed lawfully, (iii) demand restriction of processing of their personal data, and (iv) in certain circumstances, object to the processing of their personal data or to revoke their prior consent to processing, (v) demand data portability, (vi) know the identity of third parties to whom personal data are forwarded and (vii) file a complaint with the competent authority.
8. Contact details
Should you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data or any other query, please contact:
ADC Blackfire Entertainment GmbH
Harkortstraße 34, 40880 Ratingen
Phone: 0 210 23 05 92 20
Fax: 0 203 51 93 97 99
E-Mail: info@blackfire.eu

Last update: 20.06.2018
 