
Information Collection
The National Association of Watch and Clock Collectors, Inc. (NAWCC) is the sole owner of the information collected on nawcc.org. NAWCC collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Registration
You are not required to register in order to use the nawcc.org website. NAWCC members may log in to access member-only content areas. Public users may create Guest Accounts to facilitate the use of member-based services hosted at nawcc.org.
NAWCC Store Orders
Information requested from buyers is used for billing and order fulfillment. The NAWCC store uses industry standard SSL encryption.
NAWCC Membership Application/Renewal Form
The Membership Application/Renewal Form requires contact information (e.g., name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (e.g., credit card number and expiration date) from applicants. Other information is asked about applicants' horological hobbies and sponsors. This information is used by the Membership department for billing and mailings. This information is also supplied to NAWCC chapters for recruitment and regional mart membership authentication. If we have trouble processing an application, the information is used to contact the applicant. The Membership Application/Renewal Form is an SSL secured form.
Profile
Information is collected through cookies, log files, and/or third parties to create a profile of user activities on our website. Collected information is used to improve the content of the site for users. We do not share this information with third parties.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on our website.
Choice/Opt out
Our Membership Application provides applicants the opportunity to opt-out of having their contact information given to NAWCC Chapters, other horologically related mailing lists, or made accessible online to other members through the member directory. It also allows users the option to opt-out of electronic communications from the Association. All organization email contacts offer recipients the ability to opt-out of future email communications. 
Links
This website contains links to other sites. The NAWCC is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
Surveys
On extremely rare occasions we may request information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary. Typically, contact information (name and shipping address), and demographic information (e.g., zip code) are asked. Contact information will be shared with the survey sponsors. Users’ personal identity information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. The intermediary that we use to conduct these surveys does not use users’ personal identity information for any secondary purposes.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. Any sensitive information submitted via the website is protected both online and off-line.
On registration/order forms sensitive information (e.g., credit card number and/or social security number) is encrypted and protected with the best encryption software in the industry -- SSL. While on a secure page, the lock icon or secure icon on the browser address bar becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when users are on a non-secure page. To learn more about SSL: www.thawte.com.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g., a billing clerk or a membership service representative) are granted access to personal identity information.
If users have questions about the security at our website, send an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user’s personal identity information (e.g., zip code, phone, email, or postal address) changes, or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update, or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information. Usually this is done on the Membership Application page or by emailing our This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. Users may also contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Notification of Changes
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement.
Emailing the NAWCC
The NAWCC mail server uses software that rejects emails with offensive wording or potentially fraudulent or threatening content. Legitimate email may be accidentally blocked from reaching its destination by this scanning software. If you have not received a reply to confirm receipt or think that your email may not have been delivered, please contact the intended recipient via phone.
The Legal Stuff
This online resource is provided as a service of the NAWCC. The NAWCC is not responsible for the opinions and information posted on this site by others. The NAWCC disclaims all warranties with regard to information posted on this site, whether posted by NAWCC or any third party; this disclaimer includes all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness. In no event shall NAWCC be liable for any special, indirect, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data, or profits, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of any information posted on this site.
Do not post any defamatory, abusive, profane, threatening, offensive, or illegal materials. Do not post any material protected by copyright without the permission of the copyright owner. By posting material, the posting party warrants and represents that he or she is the originator of the material, he or she owns the copyright with respect to the material, or he or she has received permission from the copyright owner to post the material. In addition, the posting party grants the NAWCC and users of this list the nonexclusive right and license to reference, quote, discuss, and cite the material, as well as third-party rights to display, copy, publish, distribute, transmit, print, and use portions of the material in accordance with U.S. and international copyright law according to the implied license under which it is shared here.
Contact InformationOur designated Data Protection Officer is Kevin Osborne. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or via phone at 717-684-8261 ext. 232.
Users with questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy should contact us at:
Phone: 717-684-8261Fax: 717-684-0878Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. Postal Address: 514 Poplar Street, Columbia, PA 17512-2130
return to previous page 
