






Privacy Statement
BelfastTelegraph.co.uk

https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/service/privacy-statement-35669791.html


Email




1. INTRODUCTION1.1 This Privacy Statement together with Terms and Conditions of use of the website for www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk  (the “Site”).   
1.2 The documents referred to in the Privacy Statement and Terms and Conditions sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us (“Data”) in connection with the Site will be processed by us. Please read this Privacy Statement carefully to understand our treatment and use of Data.
1.3 The Privacy Statement applies to the operations of this Site operated by Independent News and Media Limited, which is part of Independent News & Media PLC, a company registered in the United Kingdom under number 1908967 and having its registered office at 39 Welbeck Street, London, W1G 8DR (hereinafter "INM”, "us", "we" or "our"). For the purposes of this agreement "INM" shall mean Independent News & Media plus any Subsidiaries thereof and "Subsidiaries" has the meaning given to it by the Companies Act 2006.
1.4 INM and its associated companies are fully committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
1.5 It is the intention of this Privacy Statement to explain to you the information practices of INM in relation to the information we collect about you and other users.
1.6 In this Privacy Statement, references to “you” means the person whose personal information we collect, use and process.
1.7 We will use your personal data only for the purposes and in the manner set forth below, which describes the steps we take to ensure the processing of your personal data is in compliance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and any subsequent data protection and privacy legislation (the “Acts”), European Union Law including the General Data Protection Regulation (the “Regulation”) and any subsequent amendments (“Data Protection Legislation”).
2. IDENTITY OF THE CONTROLLER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION2.1 For the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation, the Data Controller is Independent News and Media Limited, which is part of Independent News & Media PLC, a company registered in the United Kingdom under number 1908967 and having its registered office at 39 Welbeck Street, London, W1G 8DR.
3. ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT3.1 By using this Site and by disclosing your Data to us, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, use and disclosure of your Data by us as described in this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with or are not comfortable with any aspect of this Privacy Statement, your only remedy is to discontinue using our Site. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. Your continued use of any part of our Site following notification or posting of such changes will constitute your acceptance of those changes.
3.2 If at any time we decide to use your personal data in a manner which is different from that stated in this Privacy Statement, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email , and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
4. INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU4.1 When you visit or use the Site in any way, we may collect and process different types of information about you.
4.2 We may collect and process the following Data about you:
4.2.1 your personal information (e.g. name, gender, date of birth, address, email, financial details, source and destination of IP addresses, location based data and the resources you access on our Site).
5. WHERE WE STORE YOUR DATA5.1 Your Data may be stored and transferred within the European Economic Area (EEA) or transferred to, and stored in, countries outside the EEA. Those countries may not provide an adequate level of protection in relation to processing your Data. Your Data may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for one of our suppliers. By submitting your Data, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary   to ensure that your Data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
6. USE MADE OF YOUR DATA6.1 We may use your Data that we hold to:
6.1.1 provide you with general information on our Site and to provide you with personalised services;
6.1.2 sell advertising space on the Site;
6.1.3 provide marketing information with your consent;
6.1.4 provide you with information about your registration or accounts;
6.1.5 provide paid services such as e-paper subscriptions and home delivery;
6.1.6 provide you with information regarding our events, contests, competitions, promotions or newsletters chosen;
6.1.7 Your account login details, such as your username and the password that you have chosen.
6.1.8 Information about your online purchases on our websites  or partner websites that we have redirected you to (for example, what you have bought, when and where you bought it and how you paid for it).  
6.1.9 Information about your online browsing behaviour on our Websites and Mobile Apps, information about when you click on one of our adverts (including those shown on other organisations’ websites) and information about when you open or click on any of our emails.
6.1.10 ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective, responsive and compatible manner for you and for your computer or device;
6.1.11 respond to your requests for information and other communication or correspondence you may submit to us;
6.1.12 improve the services that we provide to you;
6.1.13 provide you with information or services that you request from us;
6.1.14 carry out statistical analysis and market research;
6.1.15 allow you to participate in interactive features of our Site, when you choose to do so;
6.1.16 investigate any improper use of our services or the network;
6.1.17 carry out activities necessary to the running of INM, including systems testing, network monitoring, staff training and quality control; and
6.1.18 notify you about changes to our Site, services or policies.
7. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION7.1 We consider your Data to be private and confidential. Your Personal data may be shared within the INM Group, for any of the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
7.2 We may sometimes disclose your Data to agents or service providers appointed by us, to regulatory bodies, or to others who work for us in connection with the provision of products and/or services to you.
7.3 We may access and/or disclose your Data if required to do so by law or in good faith and belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform with the law or comply with legal process served on us; (b) protect and defend our rights or property including, without limitation the security and integrity of our network and systems; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our services or members of the public.
7.4 We may also provide non-personal data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our Site. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our Site, the demographic breakdown of our community users of our Site, or the activities that visitors to our Site engage in while on our Site. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include our website design, development and hosting contractors.
8. RETENTION8.1 We keep your personal data for as long as it is necessary to do so to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected as described above. The criteria we use to determine data retention periods for personal data includes the following:
8.1.1 Retention in case of queries; we will retain it for a reasonable period after the relationship between us has ceased; and
8.1.2 Retention in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements.
9. LINKS TO OTHER SITES9.1 Our Site contains links to and from other websites and web platforms. In addition, third parties websites may also provide links to the Site. If you follow a link to any of those websites or web platforms, please note that those websites and web platforms have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those policies. Please check those policies before you submit any personal data to those websites.
9.2 We do not accept, and we disclaim, any responsibility for the privacy policies and information protection practices of any third party website (whether or not such website is linked on or to the Site). These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only, and you access them at your own risk. It is your responsibility to check the third party website's privacy statement before you submit any personal data to their websites.
10. SECURITY10.1 We endeavour to use appropriate technical and physical security measures to protect your personal data which is transmitted, stored or otherwise processed by us, from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access. Our service providers are also selected carefully and required to use appropriate protective measures.
10.2 As effective as modern security practices are, no physical or electronic security system is entirely secure. The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Data transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of Data is at your own risk. Once we receive your Data, we will use appropriate security measures to seek to prevent unauthorised access. We will continue to revise policies and implement additional security features as new technologies become available.
10.3 In the event that there is an interception or unauthorised access to your personal data, we will not be liable or responsible for any resulting misuse of your personal information.
11. RIGHTS11.1 You may request in writing copies of your Data held by us as data controller. We will provide you with a copy of the Data held by us as soon as practicable and in any event not more than forty (40) days  after the request in writing is received by us. There may be a charge to access your Data but it will not exceed £5.50. We may also request proof of identification to verify your access request. All access requests should be addressed to Data Protection Officer by email to data.protection@inmplc.com and/or by post to INM Data Controller, INM, 27-32 Talbot St, Dublin 1 Ireland.
11.2 We endeavour to keep your Data accurate, complete and up to date. If your Data that we hold is inaccurate, you can let us know and we will make the necessary amendments, erase or block the relevant Data as you request and notify you within forty (40) days of your request that relevant action has been taken. All requests should be addressed to Data Protection Officer by email to data.protection@inmplc.com and/or by post to INM Data Controller, INM, 27-32 Talbot St, Dublin 1 Ireland.
11.3 We will only hold on to your Data for as long as necessary for the purposes of providing services to you, informing you of products or services offered by us in the future (where you have consented to the receipt of same) or as may be required by law.
11.4 At any time, you may object to the processing of your Data by us, except when otherwise provided by applicable law, and may block specific uses of your Data by contacting us using the contact details below.
12. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT12.1 We reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time in our sole discretion. If we make changes to this Privacy Statement they will be posted on the Site so that you are always aware  of what information we gather, how we might use that information and in what circumstances we may disclose it.
13. COMPLAINTS13.1 In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by INM, or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint directly to the Data Protection Officer by email data.protection@inmplc.com and/or by post to INM Data Controller, INM, 27-32 Talbot St, Dublin 1 Ireland.
14. CONTACT US14.1 In the event you have any Questions, comments and requests about the information set out in this Privacy Statement, please contact us by email data.protection@inmplc.com and/or by post to INM Data Controller, INM, 27-32 Talbot St, Dublin 1 Ireland.

