Privacy Policylast updated: February 2006At CheckMarket the privacy and security of our customers and users are of paramount importance. We understand our user’s concern over the privacy of any information they supply to us, and their need to control this information.CheckMarket will never sell, transfer or use any of it without the express consent of set user. This includes contacts, media, questions, results, etc. CheckMarket, a company established in Turnhout (Belgium), owns and operates the CheckMarket website checkmarket.com (hereinafter referred to as the “Website”). CheckMarket’s policy is to comply with and respect privacy legislation, and to protect its users against the possible misuse of their personal information. The Belgian “Law on the Protection of Privacy” issued 8 December 1992 covers this information. It states that the client may request a copy of this information at any time to ensure its correctness. This privacy policy is applicable to the products and services presented on the website and to CheckMarket’s other internet services. This privacy policy is an integral part of CheckMarket’s terms of use.RespondentsRespondents should be aware that in responding to surveys or survey invitations, they could be disclosing information that could make them personally identifiable to CheckMarket Users. The security and privacy protection implemented on this Site and through our Service does not cover this type of transfer or disclosure of personal information. Respondents responding to surveys or survey invitations should be aware that they alone are responsible for the content of their responses. For more detailed information concerning the protection of privacy when responding to surveys or survey invitations, users may contact the authority conducting the survey.CheckMarket Users and Website VisitorsCheckMarket uses personal data ONLY for its own purposes. It NEVER sells, rents or shares this data with third parties without the visitor’s explicit permission. Changes to, or deletions from, this information can be made by sending an e-mail to support@checkmarket.com clearly stating the instructions.Exclusive for our UsersCheckMarket may not sell, transfer or use in any other way the panel data, email addresses, texts, media and results in a specific user’s account without the user’s express consent. Registration details are password protected, so that only the user itself and CheckMarket have access to a user’s personal information and can view, remove, correct or cancel registration details. CheckMarket cannot be held responsible if one or more of its clients and/or users in any way breaches or disrespects copyrights or abuses another person’s rights or protected products (i.e.: without obtaining the reproduction rights!).GeneralTo enhance our website further, it is important to know which areas of our site are most frequented, and how much time our guests spend there. This information is processed collectively and anonymously. Its purpose is to see which ‘types’ of people are using our site (for example how many women and how many men). From time to time we also conduct online surveys, or send out questionnaires to solicit user’s ideas, opinions or suggestions on how we can improve our site, products or services. These online surveys or questionnaires are limited to CheckMarket users only (= users that have a CheckMarket account). Occasionally we also share this information with our advertisers, business partners, sponsors and third parties so they can understand better what type of people are using our site. This does NOT involve information that can be used to establish your identity.We do this in the several ways explained below:Use of IP addressesAn IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when someone logs on to internet. This IP address automatically identifies the computer for web servers. These are the large computers that host these web pages. CheckMarket collects IP addresses for its system administration and compiles reports to examine how our site is used. When someone visits pages on the CheckMarket site, our servers or computers record the IP address of guest users. We do not associate IP addresses with anything that could identify someone personally. This ensures that users always remain anonymous.CookiesCookies are small pieces of information sent by a website to a visitor’s hard disk. Their purpose is to obtain information. Cookies make surfing the web easier for users because they save user’s preferences while they are on a site. WE NEVER SAVE PASSWORDS OR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION IN COOKIES. The use of cookies is widespread and benefits the surfer. Most large websites use them. Because they allow us to see how and when guest users visit our site, cookies help us to determine which areas are frequented and which are not. The information contained in cookies lies at the heart of many improvements and most of the recent changes. Cookies also allow us to give pages a personal touch, which allows us to enhance our service to guests.It is important to remember the following: We will not use cookies to establish the identity of specific persons (except during on-line orders, after which the relevant data is removed). Our site uses cookies to collect personal information from visitor’s computers that was not originally sent as a cookie file. We do not use personal information received via cookies for promotional or marketing purposes, nor do we share this information with third parties.Links to other sitesPlease be aware that while visiting our site visitors can follow links to other sites that are beyond our sphere of influence. CheckMarket is not responsible for the content or privacy policy of these other sites.Security policyWe take the secure storage of personal information of our users very seriously. We exercise the greatest possible caution when information of our users is transferred from their computer to our servers. Our employees are given access to your information only on a need-to-know basis and only for professional purposes. Any employee breaching our privacy and/or security regulations is subjected to disciplinary measures; these include possible dismissal, as well as civil action and/or criminal prosecution.A word of caution to our users: We advise our users not to share their password with anyone. We will NEVER ask our users for their password in an unannounced telephone conversation or e-mail. Users are ultimately responsible for maintaining the secrecy of their passwords and any personal information to which they give access. We advise our users to please remember to log off the CheckMarket site and to close their browser window when they leave our site. This will ensure that no one else who may use their computer can gain unauthorized access to their personal information and correspondence. This is particularly important when using a computer in a public place such as a library or internet cafe.Acceptance of these ConditionsWe assume that all visitors of our website have carefully read this document and that they have understood and followed the advice it contains. If someone does not agree with our privacy policy or advice, they should refrain from using our site. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy as necessity dictates. A visitor’s continued use of the CheckMarket site after having been informed of any such changes to these conditions implies acceptance of the revised privacy policy.Our Legal Obligation to Disclose Personal InformationWe will reveal a user’s personal information without his/her prior permission only when we have reason to believe that the disclosure of this information is required to establish the identity of, to contact or to initiate legal proceedings against a person or persons who are suspected of infringing rights or property belonging to CheckMarket or to others who could be harmed by the user’s activities or of persons who could (deliberately or otherwise) transgress upon these rights and property. We are permitted to disclose personal information when we have good reason to believe that this is legally required.How to change/update information or to delete a registration or be removed from our user’s listIt is our concern to ensure that the personal information we have on file is correct and up to date. We therefore wish to provide our users with an opportunity to access this information so that they can correct it or withdraw from the list of users whenever they so desire. Users may terminate their account at all times by signing in to the CheckMarket Site, using their username and password and subsequently going to ‘My Account’ and clicking on ‘Terminate my account’. All materials they entered in our system will be removed instantly. If users want to change or correct their information, they sign in to the CheckMarket Site, as described above and click on ‘My Account’ and then on ‘User Profile’.For Further InformationIf you have any further questions regarding the information CheckMarket collects, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact us by e-mail at: info@checkmarket.com, by telephone at +32 14 700 703, or in writing at:CheckMarket Inc. Otterstraat 199 2300 Turnhout Belgium 