Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to:

verify your identity;
help us improve our products and services and develop and market new products and services;
carry out requests made by you on the Sites;
investigate or settle inquiries or disputes;
comply with any applicable law, court order, other judicial process, or the requirements of a regulator;
enforce our agreements with you;
protect the rights, property or safety of us or third parties, including our other customers and users of the Sites and at our shops;
provide support for the provision of our Services; and
use as otherwise required or permitted by law.

In particular, we use your personal information for the following purposes:
Fulfilment of products and services
We collect and maintain personal information that you voluntarily submit to us during your use of the Sites and/or our Services, including registering on our Sites.
We use the contact and payment details you have provided to us so that we can fulfil the supply of products and services you have ordered from our Sites, or in our shops. This includes your purchase of products, your attendance at events hosted by us or our third party partners and the processing of returns and refunds.
Who do we share your personal information with for this purpose? We will share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:

To verify card payments and process refunds - credit card companies and other payment providers;
To deliver products and process returns - delivery and courier companies;
To provide our free in-store wi-fi service (our service provider is DoubleEdge);
Events - any applicable third party hosting the event; and third party ticketing companies such as Eventbrite.
Competitions and prize draws - any applicable third party co-promoter (for example, a book publisher), prize supplier, facilitator or publicity platform.

What is our legal basis? It is necessary for us to use your personal information to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you.
Customer support
Our Sites and our shops use various user interfaces to allow you to request information about our products and services: these include printed and electronic enquiry forms and a telephone enquiry service. Your contact information may be requested in each case, together with details of other personal information that is relevant to your customer service enquiry. This information is used in order to enable us to respond to your requests.
Who do we share your personal information with for this purpose?We do not share your personal information for this purpose.
What is our legal basis?It is in our legitimate interest to use your personal information in such a way to ensure that we provide the very best customer service we can to you.
Your feedback about our products and services
From time to we will contact you to invite you to provide feedback about our products and services in the form of online, postal or in-shop surveys. We use this information to help us improve the quality of service provided by our staff and in our shops. We also use your feedback to monitor the quality of our products and services and to assist us with the selection of future product and service lines.
Who do we share your personal information with for these purposesWe use a third party service provider (Hotjar) to assist us with customer surveys and feedback requests.
What is our legal basis?It is in our legitimate business interests to use the information you provide to us in your feedback for the purposes described above.
Customer insight and analysis
We analyse your contact details and other personal information that we collect about you such as your interests and demographic information together with personal information that we obtain from observing your interactions with our Sites, our email communications to you and/or with our products and services in our shops, such as the products and services you have purchased or viewed, or from your use of the wifi in our shops.
Where we have your consent to do so, we will also use your location data collected by us via our mobile application.
Where you have given your consent (where lawfully required), we use cookies, log files and other similar technologies to collect personal information from the computer hardware and software you use to access the Sites, or from your mobile. This includes the following:

an IP address to monitor Sites traffic and volume;
a session ID to track usage statistics on our Sites;
information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, buying habits, experiences with our products and contact preferences.

Our web pages and e-mails contain cookies or pixel tags ("Tags"). Tags allow us to track receipt of an e-mail to you, to count users that have visited a web page, opened an e-mail and to collect other types of aggregate information. Once you click on an e-mail that contains a Tag, your contact information may subsequently be cross-referenced to the source e-mail and the relevant Tag.
In some of our e-mail messages, we use a click-through URL linked to certain websites administered by us or on our behalf. We may track click-through data to assist in determining interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of these communications.
Please see our Cookie Policy for further information.
The personal information described in this section is used to create profiles and insights about your shopping habits and the shopping habits of our other customers. By using this information, we are able to measure the effectiveness of our content and how visitors use our Sites and our Services. This allows us to learn what pages of our Sites are most attractive to our visitors, which parts of our Sites are the most interesting and what kind of offers our users like to see.
We also use this information to help us with the selection of future product and service lines and the design of our Sites and Services.
We also use this information for marketing purposes (see the marketing section below for further details).
Who do we share your personal information with for these purposesWe share your personal information with a variety of third party service providers to assist us with customer insight analytics. These service providers are described in our Cookie Policy.
Some of our third party providers are located in the USA and their use of your personal information is governed by the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and subject to enforcement by the Federal Trade Commission.
What is our legal basis?Where your personal information is completely anonymised, we do not require a legal basis to use it as the information will no longer constitute personal information that is regulated under data protection laws. However, our collection and use of such anonymised personal information may be subject to other laws where your consent is required. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details.
Where your personal information is not in an anonymous form, it is in our legitimate interest to use your personal information in such a way to ensure that we provide the very best products and services to you and our other customers.
We will only use location data collected by us via our mobile application where we have your consent to do so.
Marketing communications
We carry out the following marketing activities using your personal information:
Email marketingWe use information that we observe about you from your interactions with our Sites, our email communications to you and/or with our products and services in our shops (see the Customer Insight and Analysis section above for more details of the information collected and how it is collected) to send you marketing communications by email, where you have consented to receive such marketing communications.
Who do we share your personal information with for these purposes?We do not share your personal information for this purpose.
What is our legal basis? Where your personal information is completely anonymised, we do not require a legal basis to use it for marketing analysis as the personal information will no longer constitute personal information that is regulated under applicable data protection laws. However, our collection and/or use of such anonymised personal information may be subject to other laws where your consent is required. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details.
Where your personal information is not in an anonymous form, it is in our legitimate interest to use your personal information for personalised marketing purposes.
We will only send you marketing communications via email where you have consented to receive such marketing communications.
Business administration and legal compliance
We use your personal information for the following business administration and legal compliance purposes:

to comply with our legal obligations;
to enforce our legal rights;
protect rights of third parties; and
in connection with a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets.

Who do we share your personal information with for these purposes?  We will share your personal information with professional advisers such as lawyers and accountants and/or governmental or regulatory authorities.
What is our legal basis?  Where we use your personal information in connection with a business transition, enforce our legal rights, or to protect the rights of third parties it is in our legitimate interest to do so. For all other purposes described in this section, it is our legal obligation to use your personal information to comply with any legal obligations imposed upon us such as a court order.
Where we share your sensitive personal information, we shall obtain your consent to do so.
Any other purposes for which we wish to use your personal information that are not listed above, or any other changes we propose to make to the existing purposes will be notified to you using your contact details.
