Alongside the commitment to offering the highest standards of services and products, we consider that our products should entitle you to personalized client treatment and incomparable after-sales services that may last for a lifetime for some products. For this purpose, and to ensure such services, we may need to keep your personal data for as long as it is needed for the provision of such services.
In particular your personal data will be retained until your last use or purchase of our services or goods and normally for a period of up to 10 years thereafter, unless shorter or longer retention is required by applicable local law or where we have a legitimate and lawful purpose to do so.
For the Fragrance & Beauty products sold on our website, we keep your data for as long as it is necessary to comply with applicable legislation regarding product guarantee and safety and in order to follow up with you on the results of the product and offer you continuous advice. 
We welcome and value applications from talented candidates. Even if your application on the “Careers” section of our website is not successful, we may keep your data on file for up to 2 years following your last visit to our candidate space and call you if another appropriate opportunity arises. In case you choose not to be contacted for future opportunities, your data will be kept for up to 6 months. Where necessary, we may keep your data longer in archives in order to align with the applicable statute of limitations for claims around the recruitment process.
Cookies managed by CHANEL are stored for up to 13 months.
CHANEL respects the retention periods imposed by applicable laws and regulations. To the extent your data is no longer necessary for the provision of a service (including the after sales service referred to above) or if you no longer wish to be part of our distribution list for newsletters, beauty tips and events, your data will be deleted or archived in an anonymized or de-identified format in order to comply with applicable regulation. 