Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy of 
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We confirm that we collect those information from you which is required to extend the services available on the site.

At the time of signing up and registration with the site, the users are requested to provide information’s like their name, company name, email address, phone/mobile number, postal address and other business information which also includes business statutory details and tax registration numbers. 
The communication between user and the representative of the site (including the additional information, if any) in relation to the services so offered may be recorded for the quality control or training purposes.
In relation to our paid services, we may collect Sensitive Personal data which includes bank account numbers and related details to facilitate the sale or purchase of the services available on the site.
 We also gathers and stores the user’s usage statistics such as IP addresses, pages viewed, user behaviour pattern, number of sessions and unique visitors, browsing activities, browser software operating system etc. for analysis, which helps us to provide improved experience and value added services to you.
Once a user registers, the user is no longer anonymous to us and thus all the information provided by you shall be stored, possessed and dealt in compliance with statutory requirements.
The user’s registration with us and providing information is intended for facilitating the users in its business.
We retain user provided Information for as long as the Information is required for the purposes for which the Information can be used lawfully or   as may be required to be retained under any statutory enactments or applicable laws.

User may change the Information either by login the site or by sending a request to 
PURPOSE AND USAGE OF INFORMATION
The following are the purposes of collecting the Information:  

For the verification of your identity, eligibility, registration and to provide customized services.
For facilitating the services offered/available on the site.
For advertising, marketing, displaying & publication.
For enabling communication with the users of the site, so that the users may fetch maximum business opportunities.
For generating business enquires and trade leads.
For sending communications, notifications, newsletters and customized mailers etc.

DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
The Information related to users are disclosed and transferred   to external service providers to provide services to the users. 

Affiliated companies for better efficiency, more relevancy, innovative business matchmaking and better personalised services.
Service provider including but not limited to payment, customer and cloud computing service provider (“Third Party”) engaged for facilitating service requirements of user.
Business partners for sending their business offers to the users, which are owned and offered by them solely without involvement of the site.

Links to the websites of any of the above may be available on the site as a convenience to user(s) and the site does not have any control over such websites. The usage of such websites by the user will be governed by their respective Privacy Policies and the present Privacy Policy will not apply to usage of such websites. The users of such websites are cautioned to read the privacy policies of such websites.
The above referred receiving parties consented and confirmed that:

There shall be limited disclosure of any Information to its Directors, officers, employees, agents or representatives who have a need to know such Information in connection with the business transaction and are only permitted to use your Information in connection with the said purpose,
They shall keep the Information confidential by using a reasonable degree of care, and
They shall not disclose any Information received by them further and must abide by the Privacy Policy of the site.

Government or regulatory or law enforcement agencies, as mandated under statutory enactment, for verification of identity or for prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, prosecution and punishment of offences.
Please keep in mind that whenever a user post personal & business information online, the same becomes accessible to the public and the users may receive messages/emails from visitors of the site.

REASONABLE PROTECTION OF INFORMATION
The Privacy Policy of www.indiamart.com (hereinafter referred to as “site ") detailed herein below governs the collection, possession, storage, handling and dealing of personal identifiable information/data and sensitive personal data (hereinafter collectively referred to as “information”) of the users of the site. All the users must read and understand this Privacy Policy as it has been formulated to safeguard the user’s privacy. This Privacy Policy also outlines the ways the users can ensure protection of their personal identifiable information. The usage of the site constitutes consent on behalf of the users as to the terms of the Privacy Policy detailed herein below. This Privacy Policy detailed herein is also applicable to user of the site or mobile application through mobile or any other similar device.We confirm that we collect those information from you which is required to extend the services available on the site.User may change the Information either by login the site or by sending a request to customercare@indiamart.com . he requested changes may take reasonable time due to verification process and server cache policies. User’s profile can be deleted or deactivated from the site, in such an event Information will remain with us in archive records for the purpose of compliance of statutory enactments. However, the user may choose not to provide the Information to us, further the user may at any time subsequent to registration, may in writing withdraw the consent given earlier to us.The following are the purposes of collecting the Information:The Information related to users are disclosed and transferred to external service providers to provide services to the users.Please keep in mind that whenever a user post personal & business information online, the same becomes accessible to the public and the users may receive messages/emails from visitors of the site.We employ commercially reasonable security measures to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure proper use of information we receive. 
These security measures are both electronic as well as physical but at the same time no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We strive to protect the user's Information, although we cannot ensure the security of Information furnished/transmitted by the users to us.
We recommend the registered users not to share their site’s account password and also to sign out of their account when they have completed their work. This is to ensure that others cannot access Information of the users and correspondence, if the user shares the computer with someone else or is using a computer in a public place.
We recommend you not to disclose password of your email address, online bank transaction and other important credentials to our employees / agents / affiliates/ personnel, as we do not ask for the same.
GRIEVANCE OFFICER
The contact details are provided below:
customercare@indiamart.com
QUESTIONS
Please contact us regarding any questions or in case if the user feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy. Please email us at 
CHANGES IN PRIVACY POLICY
The policy may change from time to time, so users are requested to check it periodically.
The contact details are provided below:Please contact us regarding any questions or in case if the user feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy. Please email us at customercare@indiamart.com The policy may change from time to time, so users are requested to check it periodically.