
	Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use


	1. Terms


	By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these 
	web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, 
	and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local 
	laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from 
	using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are 
	protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.


	2. Use License



		Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials 
		(information or software) on State-by-State Gardening's web site for personal, 
		non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, 
		not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
		
		
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on State-by-State Gardening's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.



		This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by State-by-State Gardening at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
	


	3. Disclaimer



		The materials on State-by-State Gardening's web site are provided "as is". State-by-State Gardening makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, State-by-State Gardening does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
	


	4. Limitations


	In no event shall State-by-State Gardening or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on State-by-State Gardening's Internet site, even if State-by-State Gardening or a State-by-State Gardening authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.


	5. Revisions and Errata


	The materials appearing on State-by-State Gardening's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. State-by-State Gardening does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. State-by-State Gardening may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. State-by-State Gardening does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.


	6. Links


	State-by-State Gardening has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by State-by-State Gardening of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.


	7. Site Terms of Use Modifications


	State-by-State Gardening may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.


	8. Governing Law


	Any claim relating to State-by-State Gardening's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Louisiana without regard to its conflict of law provisions.


	General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.


	Privacy Policy

This privacy policy sets out how State-by-State Gardening uses and protects any information that you give State-by-State Gardening when you use this website. State-by-State Gardening is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. State-by-State Gardening may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are familiar with any changes. 
What we collect 
We may collect the following information:
  •	name and job title
  •	contact information including email address
  •	demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
•	other information relevant to customer surveys, purchases and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
  •	Internal record keeping.
  •	We may use the information to improve our products and services.
  •	We may periodically send promotional and/or editorial emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided if you have opted-in to relevant newsletter lists run by State-by-State Gardening. You may opt-out of these list temporarily or permanently at any time. 
  •	From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
  •	We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
•	We may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.
Security 
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

How we use cookies 
 A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. 
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. 
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. 
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Links to other websites 
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
