PRIVACY POLICY.
  Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. 
 What kind of information do we collect?
 When you join the membership portion of our web site we do not collect any customer information. Please see our payment processor's Privacy Policy concerning collected information. When users request pages from our server, our Web server automatically collects some information about the users, including their IP addresses. We also collect information regarding your use of our site through the use of cookies. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. We will maintain a record or notes of communications with you regarding your account. 
Who will see my information?
 We do not, and will not, distribute, rent or sell any personally identifiable information to third parties without your express consent, other than as necessary to process your credit card payment (Unless requested via a subpoena, court order, or local, state or international law enforcement request).
 How do you use my information?
  We use your information solely in order to process your credit card payment, to facilitate your viewing of our web site and to communicate with you. We also use this information to compile broad demographic and web site usage information about our users in general that does not contain anything that could be used to identify you personally. The site owner uses your e-mail address to send periodic e-mail newsletters and promotional e-mail to you about services and products offered by us. You can indicate at any time that you do not wish to receive e-mail information from us. We do not provide your e-mail to third parties without your express consent. 
 How secure is my information?
 The site owner takes reasonable precautions to maintain the security of any information obtained from and about you. We provide you with a secure web page through which to submit your billing information when you join the membership portion of our web site. We maintain your personally identifiable information in a reasonably secure manner including storing such information behind firewalls. The site owner recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this web site or your dealings with this site, please contact us at stgpictures@msn.com. Please note that persons under the age of 18 are prohibited from viewing our web site, and the site owner does not collect any personal information from persons under the age of 18. Please also note that site owner is not responsible for the content or the privacy polices of web sites to which it may provide links or the websites of its advertisers.   
NOTICES.
 Notices by the site owner to customers shall be given by means of electronic messages or by a general posting on the site. Notices by customers to the site owner shall be given by electronic messages unless otherwise specified in the agreement. All questions, complaints, or notices to site owner by means of electronic message must be sent to   stgpictures@msn.com
