Privacy Policy
Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
 
1. Your Acceptance
BY USING AND/OR VISITING THIS WEBSITE (collectively, including all Content available through the manga99.com domain name, the “mangatip Website”, or “Website”), YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO TERMS OF USE, WHICH ARE PUBLISHED AT http://www.manga99.com/privacy-policy/ AND WHICH ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. If you do not agree to any of these terms, then please do not use the mangatip Website.
2. mangatip Website
These Terms of Use apply to all users of the mangatip Website, including users who are also contributors of manga content, information, and other materials or services on the Website. The mangatip Website may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by mangatip. mangatip has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. In addition, mangatip will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Website, you expressly relieve mangatip from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the mangatip Website and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other website that you visit.
3. Website Access
A. mangatip hereby grants you permission to use the Website as set forth in this Terms of Use, provided that:
(i) your use of the Website as permitted is solely for your personal, noncommercial use;
(ii) you will not copy or distribute any part of the Website in any medium without mangatip’s prior written authorization;
(iii) you will not alter or modify any part of the Website other than as may be reasonably necessary to use the Website for its intended purpose; and
(iv) you will otherwise comply with the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use.
B. In order to access some features of the Website, you will have to create an account. You may never use another’s account without permission. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure. You must notify mangatip immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. Although mangatip will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of mangatip or others due to such unauthorized use.
C. You agree not to use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, “robots,” “spiders,” “offline readers,” etc., that accesses the Website in a manner that sends more request messages to the mangatip servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a convention on-line web browser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, mangatip grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the site for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. mangatip reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases. You agree not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Website, nor to use the communication systems provided by the Website for any commercial solicitation purposes. You agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Website with respect to their User Submissions.
4. Intellectual Property Rights
The content on the mangatip Website, except all User Submissions (as defined below), including without limitation, the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, interactive features and the like (“Content”) and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein (“Marks”), are owned by or licensed to mangatip, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under United States and foreign laws and international conventions. Content on the Website is provided to you AS IS for your information and personal use only and may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of the respective owners. mangatip reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Website and the Content. You agree to not engage in the use, copying, or distribution of any of the Content other than expressly permitted herein, including any use, copying, ordistribution of User Submissions of third parties obtained through the Website for any commercial purposes. If you download or print a copy of the Content for personal use, you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein. You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the mangatip Website or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on use of the mangatip Website or the Content therein.
5. User Submissions
A. The mangatip Website may now or in the future permit the submission of manga or other communications submitted by you and other users (“User Submissions”) and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such User Submissions. You understand that whether or not such User Submissions are published, mangatip does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any submissions.
B. You shall be solely responsible for your own User Submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with User Submissions, you affirm, represent, and/or warrant that:
(i) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize mangatip to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Submissions to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms of Use; and
(ii) you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the User Submission to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms of Use. For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your User Submissions. However, by submitting the User Submissions to mangatip, you hereby grant mangatip a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the User Submissions in connection with the mangatip Website and mangatip’s (and its successor’s) business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the mangatip Website (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also hereby grant each user of the mangatip Website a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Website, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Submissions as permitted through the functionality of the Website and under these Terms of Use. The foregoing license granted by you terminates once you remove or delete a User Submission from the mangatip Website.
C. In connection with User Submissions, you further agree that you will not:
(i) submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant mangatip all of the license rights granted herein;
(ii) publish falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage mangatip or any third party;
(iii) submit material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate;
(iv) post advertisements or solicitations of business:
(v) impersonate another person. mangatip does not endorse any User Submission or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and mangatip expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Submissions. mangatip does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on its Website, and mangatip will remove all Content and User Submissions if properly notified that such Content or User Submission infringes on another’s intellectual property rights. mangatip reserves the right to remove Content and User Submissions without prior notice. mangatip will also terminate a User’s access to its Website, if they are determined to be a repeat infringer. A repeat infringer is a User who has been notified of infringing activity more than twice and/or has had a User Submission removed from the Website more than twice. mangatip also reserves the right to decide whether Content or a User Submission is appropriate and complies with these Terms of Service for violations other than copyright infringement and violations of intellectual property law, such as, but not limited to, pornography, obscene or defamatory material, or excessive length. mangatip may remove such User Submissions and/or terminate a User’s access for uploading such material in violation of these Terms of Use at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion.
D. In particular, if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any User Submission or other content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):
(i) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
(ii) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
(iii) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
(iv) Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;
(v) A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
(vi) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
mangatip’s designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement is: [email protected]  For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the Copyright Agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to mangatip customer service. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section 5(D), your DMCA notice may not be valid.
E. You understand that when using the mangatip Website, you will be exposed to User Submissions from a variety of sources, and that mangatip is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such User Submissions. You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Submissions that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against mangatip with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold mangatip, its Owners/Operators, affiliates, and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the site.
F. mangatip permits you to link to materials on the Website for personal, non-commercial purposes only. mangatip reserves the right to discontinue any aspect of the mangatip Website at any time.
6. Warranty Disclaimer
You agree that your use of the mangatip website shall be at your sole risk. to the fullest extent permitted by law, mangatip, its officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the website and your use thereof. mangatip makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this site’s content or the content of any sites linked to this site and assumes no liability or responsibility for any
(i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content,
(ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our website,
(iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein,
(iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our website,
(v) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through our website by any third party, and/or
(vi) any errors or omissionsin any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the mangatip website. mangatip does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the mangatip website or any hyperlinked website or featured in any banner or other advertising, and mangatip will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services. as with the purchase of a product or service through any medium or in any environment, you should use your best judgment and exercise caution where appropriate.
7. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall mangatip, its officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any
(i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content,
(ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our website,
(iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein,
(iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our website, (iv) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our website by any third party, and/or
(v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the mangatip website, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether ornot the company is advised of the possibility of such damages. the foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.
You specifically acknowledge that mangatip shall not be liable for user submissions or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you.
8. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless mangatip, its parent corporation, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from:
(i) your use of and access to the mangatip Website;
(ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Use;
(iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that one of your User Submissions caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of the mangatip Website.
9. Ability to Accept Terms of Use
You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Service, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the mangatip Website is not intended for children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the mangatip Website-there are lots of other great web sites for you. Talk to your parents about what sites are appropriate for you.
10. Assignment
These Terms of Use, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by mangatip without restriction.
 
 
 
